
Table of Contents 



PENGUIN BOOKS THE COMPLETE DEAD SEA SCROLLS IN 

ENGLISH 

Title Page 

Copyright Page 

Dedication 

Preface 

Introduction 

A. The Rules 



The Community Rule - (IQS. 4Q255-64. 4Q280. 286-7. 4Q502. 5QII. 
13} 

Community Rule manuscripts from Cave 4 

Entry into the Covenant - (4Q275) 

Four Classes of the Community - (4Q279) 

The Damascus Document - (CD. 4Q265-73. 5Q12. 6Q15) 

Damascus Document manuscripts from Cave 4 

The Messianic Rule - (1QSa=1Q28a) 

The War Scroll - (IQM. 1Q33. 4Q491-7. 4Q471) 

The War Scroll from Cave 4 - (4Q491 . 493) 

TheBookofWar-(4Q285. 11Q14) 

The Temple Scroll - (11QT=11Q19-21 . 4Q365a. 4Q524) 

MMT (Miqsat Ma'ase Ha- Torah) - Some Observances of the Law - 

(4Q394-9) 

The Wicked and the Holy - (4Q1 8 1) 
4QHalakhahA-(4Q251) 
4QHalakhah B - (4Q264a) 
4QTohorot (Purities) A - (4Q274) 



4QTohorot B-B - (40276-7) 
4Q Harvesting - (4Q284a) 

The Master's Exhortation to the Sons of Dawn - (40298) 
4Q IVIen Who Err -(40306) 
Register of Rebul<es - (4Q477) 
Remonstrances (before Conversion?) - (4Q471 ) 

B. Hymns and Poems 



The Thanl<sqivinq Hymns - (IQH. IQ36. 4Q427-32) 
Hymnic Fragment - (4Q433a) 
Apocryphal Psalms (I) - (IIQPs=IIQ5.4Q88) 
Apocryphal Psalms (II) - (4Q88) 
Apocryphal Psalms (III) - (11QapPs=11Q11) 
Non-canonical Psalms - (4Q380-81 ) 
Lamentations - (4Q]179.4Q501) 

Songs for the Holocaust of the Sabbath - (40400^07. 11 Q1 7. 
Masada 1039-200) 

Poetic Fragments on Jerusalem and 'King' Jonathan - (4Q448 ) 
Hymn of Glorification A and B - (4Q491 . fr. 1 1— 4Q471 b) 

C. Calendars. Liturgies and Prayers 



Calendars of Priestly Courses - (4Q320-30. 337) 
Calendrical Document C - (4Q326) 
Calendrical Document D - (4Q394 1-2) 
Calendric Signs (Otot) - (4Q319) 

'Horoscopes' or Astrological Physiognomies - (4Q186. 4Q534 
4Q561) 

Phases of the Moon - (4Q31 7) 

A Zodiacal Calendar with a Brontologion - (4Q318) 

Order of Divine Office - (4Q334) 



The Words of the Heavenly Lights - (4Q504— 6) 
Liturgical Prayer - (1Q 34 and 34 bis) 
Prayers for Festivals - (4Q 507-9) 
Daily Prayers -(4Q 503) 

Prayer or Hymn Celebrating the Morning and the Evening - (4Q 408) 

Blessings - (1QSb=1Q28b) 

Benedictions - (4Q 280. 286-90) 

Confession Ritual - (4Q393) 

Purification Ritual A - (4Q 512) 

Purification Ritual B - (4Q4]14) 

A Liturgical Work - (4Q 392-3) 

D. Historical and Apocalyptic Works 



Apocalyptic Chronology or Apocryphal Weeks - (4Q 247) 
Historical Text A - (4Q248) 

Historical Texts C-E (formerly Mishmarot C) - 4Q331 -3) 
Historical Text F - (4Q468e) 

The Triumph of Righteousness or Mysteries - (1 Q27. 4Q299-301 1 ) 
Time of Righteousness - (4Q 215a) 
The Renewed Earth - (4Q 475) 
A Messianic Apocalypse - (4Q521 ) 

E. Wisdom Literature 



The Seductress - (4Q184) 

Exhortation to Seek Wisdom - (4Q185) 

A Parable of Warning - (4Q302) 

Sapiential Didactic Work A - (4Q412) 

A Sapiential Work (i) - (4Q413) 

A Sapiential Work (ii) - (4Q415-18. 423. 1Q26) 

A Sapiential Work (ill): Ways of Righteousness - (4Q420-21 ) 



A Sapiential Work Instruction-like Composition - (4Q424) 

The Two Ways - (4Q473) 

Bless. My Soul - (Barki nafshi. 4Q434-438) 

A Leader's Lament - (4Q439) 

Fight against Evil Spirits - (4Q444) 

Songs of the Sage - (4Q51 0-1 1 ) 

Beatitudes - (4Q525) 

F. Bible Interpretation 



Aramaic Bible Translations - (Targums^ 
The Targum of Job - (11 Q1 0.4Q1 57) 
The Targum of Leviticus 
Appendix 

G. Biblically Based Apocryphal Works 



Jubilees - (4Q216-28. 1Q17-18. 2Q19-20. 3Q5. 4Q482(?). 1 1Q12) 

The Prayer of Enosh and Enoch - (4Q369) 

The Book of Enoch - (4Q201-2. 204-12) 

The Book of Giants - (1Q23-4. 2Q26. 4Q203. 530-33. 6Q8) 

An Admonition Associated with the Flood - (4Q370. 4Q1 85) 

The Ages of the Creation - (4Q1 80) 

TheBookof Noah-(1Q19. 1Q19 bis. 4Q534-6. 6Q8.19) 

Words of the Archangel Michael - (4Q529. 6Q23) 

The Testament of Levi (i) - (4Q213-1 14. 1Q21) 

Testaments of the Patriarchs: the Testament of Levi or Testament of 

Jacob - ... 

The Testament of Judah and Joseph - (4Q538-9) 
The Testament of Naphtali - (4Q21 5) 

Narrative and Poetic Composition (formerly 'A Joseph Apocryphon') - 
(4Q371-3) 



The Testament of Qahat - (4Q542) 
The Testament of Amram - (4Q543-9) 
The Words of Moses - (1 Q22 ) 

Sermon on the Exodus and the Conquest of Canaan - (4Q374) 

A Moses Apocryphon - (4Q375) 

A Moses Apocryphon - (4Q376. 1Q29) 

A Moses Apocryphon - (4Q408) 

Apocryphal Pentateuch B (formerly 'A Moses Apocryphon) - (4Q377) 

A Moses (or David) Apocryphon - (4Q373. 2Q22) 

Prophecy of Joshua - (4Q522. 5Q9) 

A Joshua Apocryphon (i) or Psalms of Joshua - (4Q378 — 9) 

A Joshua Apocryphon (ID (Masada 1039— 211) 

The Samuel Apocryphon - (4Q160) 

A Paraphrase on Kings - (4Q382) 

An Elisha Apocryphon - (4Q481 ) 

A Zedekiah Apocryphon - (4Q470) 

A Historico-theoloqical Narrative based on Genesis and Exodus - 
(4Q462— 4) 
Tobit-(4Q196— 200 

Apocryphon of Jeremiah - (4Q383. 385a. 387. 387a. 388a. 389—90) 

The New Jerusalem -(4Q554-5.5Q1 5. 1Q32. 2Q24. 4Q232. 1 1Q18) 

Pseudo-Ezekiel - (4Q385. 386. 385b. 388. 385c) 

The Prayer of Nabonidus - (4Q242) 

Para-Danielic Writings - (4Q243-5) 

The Four Kingdoms - (4Q552-3) 

An Aramaic Apocalypse - (4Q246) 

Proto-Esther (?) - (4Q550) 

List of False Prophets - (4Q339) 

Listof Netinim-(4Q340) 

H. Miscellanea 



The Copper Scroll - (3Q15) 



Cryptic Texts - (4Q249. 250. 313) 



Two Qumran Ostraca 
I. Appendix 

Index of QumranTexts 

Major Editions of Qumran Manuscripts 

General Biblioarapiiv 

General Index 

THE STORY OF PENGUIN CLASSICS 



PENGUIN BOOKS THE COMPLETE DEAD SEA 
SCROLLS IN ENGLISH 



Geza Vermes was bom in Hungary in 1924. l-ie studied in Budapest 
and in Louvain, where lie read Oriental history and languages and in 
1953 obtained a doctorate in theology with a dissertation on the 
historical framework of the Dead Sea Scrolls. From 1957 to 1991 he 
taught in England at the universities of Newcastle upon Tyne (1 957-65) 
and Oxford (1965 — 91). He is now Professor Emeritus of Jewish 
Studies and Emeritus Fellow of Wolfson College, but continues to 
teach at the Oriental Institute in Oxford. He has edited the Journal of 
Jewsh Studies since 1971, and since 1991 he has been director of 
the Oxford Forum for Qumran Research at the Oxford Centre for 
Hebrew and Jewish Studies. Professor Vermes is a Fellow of the 
British Academy and of the EuropeanAcademy of Arts, Sciences and 
Humanities. He is the holder of an Oxford D.Litt. and of honorary 
doctorates from the universities of Edinburgh, Durham and Sheffield. 
His first article on the Dead Sea Scrolls appeared in 1949 and his first 
book, Les manuschts du desert de Juda,\n 1953. It was translated 
into English in 1956 as Discovery in the Judean Desert. He is also the 
author ofScripture and Tradition in Judaism (1961, 1973, 1983); 
Jesus the Jew (1973, 1976, 1981, 1983); The Dead Sea Scrolls: 
Qumran in Perspective (1977, 1981, 1982, 1994); Jesus and the 
World ofJudaism (1983, 1984); The Religion ofJesusthe Jeiv(1993); 
and (with Martin Goodman) The Essenes According to the Classical 
Sources (1989); (with Philip Alexander) Discoveries in the Judaean 
Desert XXVI (1998) and (also with Philip Alexander) XXXW (2000); 
An Introduction to the Complete Dead Sea Scrolls (1999, 2000); The 
Dead Sea Scrolls (The Folio Society, 2000); The Changing Faces of 
Jesus (2000); The Authentic Gospel of Jesus (2003) and Jesus in his 
Jewsh Context (2003). He played a leading part in the rewriting of 
Emil Schiirer's classic work The History of the Jewsh People in the 
Age of Jesus Christ (1973-87). His autobiography, Prowdenf/a/ 



Acxiidents (1998), contains a vivid personal account of a life-long 
involvement with the Dead Sea Scrolls. 



GEZA VERME^S 

The Complete 
Dead Sea Scrolls 
in English 

Revised Edition 



@ 

PENGUIN BOOKS 



PENGUIN BOOKS 



Published bythe Penguin Group 
Penguin Bool<s Ltd, 80 Strand, London V\C2R ORL, England 
Penguin Putnam Inc., 375 Hudson Street, New York, New York 10014, USA 
Penguin Books Australia Ltd, 250 Camberwell Road, Camberwell, Victoria 3124, 
Australia 

Penguin Books Canada Ltd, 10 Acorn A\enue, Toronto, Ontario, Canada [\/WV3B2 
Penguin Books India (P) Ltd, 1 1 CommunityCentre, Panchsheel Park, New Delhi - 1 10 
017, India 

Penguin Group (NZ), Cnr Arborne and Rosedale Roads, Abany, Auckland 1310, New 
Zealand 

Penguin Books (South Arica) (Pty) Ltd, 24 Sturdee A\finue, Rosebank 21 96, South Arica 
Penguin Books Ltd, Registered Offices: 80 Strand, London V\C2R ORL, England 



www.penquin.com 



Rrst published in Pelican Books 1962 
Reprinted with revisions 1965, 1968 
Fourth edition published in Penguin Books 1995 
Complete edition published byAlen Lane The Penguin Press 1997 
Published in Penguin Books 1998 
Revised edition 2004 
11 

Copyright©G.Vennes, 1962, 1965, 1968, 1975, 1987. 1995, 1997, 2004 
Al rights reserwd 



The extracts on pp. 95 and 247 are reproduced by kind permission 
of the Israel Museum, Jerusalem; the extracts on pp. 345, 401,415, 

459 and 537 are reproduced by kind permission of the Israel 
Antiquities Authority p. 581 : a cut segment from 77?© Copper Scroll 
from The Dead Sea Scrolls: A Reappraisal by John Alegro (Penguin 



Maps drawn by Nigel Andrews 



The moral right of the author has been asserted 



elSBN; 978-1-101-16059-6 



www.qreenpenquin.co.uk 



Mixed SoiHti 

Fsc ;w:-i.:-Mr. 



Penguin Bool<s is committed to a sustainable future for our business, our 
readers and our planet. 
The book in yDur hands is made from paper certified bythe Forest Stewardship 
Council. 

http://us.penquinqroup.com 



ForM and I with love and in loving memory ofP 



Preface 



In the spring of 1 947 a young Arab shepherd climbed into a cave in the 
Judaean desert and stumbled on the first Dead Sea Scrolls. For those 
of us who lived through the Qumran story from the beginning, the 
realization that all this happened half a century ago brings with it a 
melancholy feeling. The Scrolls are no longer a /iscenf discovery as we 
used to refer to them, but over the years they have grown in 
significance and now the golden jubilee of the first manuscript find calls 
for celebration with joy and satisfaction. Following the 'revolution' 
which 'liberated' all the manuscripts in 1991 - until that moment a large 
portion of them was kept away from the public gaze - every interested 
person gained free access to the entire Qumran library. I eagerly 
seized the chance and set out to explore the whole collection. Today, 
after four and a half years of intense study I feel confident that I can 
present the complete canvas of the Dead Sea Scrolls and disclose to 
the many interested readers the message of these ancient 
manuscripts about ancient Judaism and to a more limited extent about 
early Christianity. 

In its successive editions this book has erKleavoured to serve a dual 
audience of scholars and educated lay people. Over the years it has 
grown in size - it contained only 255 pages in 1962 - and I trust also in 
its grasp of the subject. While this translation of tlie non-biblical Scrolls 
does not claim to cover every fragmerrt retrieved from the caves, it is 
complete in one sense: it offers in a readable form all the texts 
sufficiently well preserved to be understandable in English. In plain 
words, meaningless scraps or badly damaged manuscript sections 
are not inflicted on the reader. Those who wish to survey texts 
consisting only of broken lines, or of single letters and half-letters, 
should turn to the official series Discoveries in the Judaean Desert, in 
which every surviving detail is put on record. 

In addition to the English rendering of the Hebrew and Aramaic texts 
found in the eleven Qumran caves, two inscribed potsherds (ostraca) 



retrieved from the Qumran site and two Qumran-type documents 
discovered in the fortress of iVIasada, and brief introductory notes to 
each text, this volume aiso provides an up-to-date general introduction, 
outlining the history of fifty years of Scroll research and sketching the 
organization, history and religious message of the Qumran 
Community A Scroll catalogue, an essential bibliography and an index 
of Qumran texts are appended to facilitate further study and research. 




Map 1 : The area surrounding the Dead Sea, showing Qumran 



Map 2: The Caves of Qumran 
Has the greatly increased source material substarrtiaiiy altered our 
perception of the writings found at Qumran? I do not think so. Nuances 
and emphases have changed, but additional information has mainly 
helped to fill in gaps and clarify obscurities; it has not undermined our 
earlier conceptions regarding the Community and Its ideas. We had 
the exceptionally good fortune tfiat all but one of the major non-biblical 
Scrolls were published at the start, between 1950 and 1956: the 
Habakkuk Commentary (1950), the Community Rule (1951), the War 
Scroll and the Thanksgiving Hymns (1954/5) and the best-preserved 
columns of the Genesis Apocryphon (1 956). Even the Temple Scroll, 
which had remained concealed until 1967 In a Bata shoebox by an 
antique dealer, was edited ten years later. The large Scrolls have 
served as foundation and pillars, and the thousands of fragments as 
building stones, with which the unique shrine of Jewish religion and 
culture that is Qumran is progressively restored to its ancient 
splendour. 

Finally it is a most pleasant duty to express my warmest thanks to 
friends and colleagues who helped to make this book less imperfect 
than it might otherwise have been. First and foremost, I wish publicly to 
convey my gratitude to Professor Emanuel Tov, editor-in-chief of the 
Dead Sea Scrolls Publication Project, for his generosity in answering 
queries and assisting in every possible way My very special thanks 
are due also to Professor Joseph M. Baumgarten, who allowed me to 
consult his edition of the Damascus Document fragments from Cave 4 
prior to their publication in DJD, and to my former pupil, Dr Jonathan 
G. Campbell, who did not shirk the onerous task of reading through 
and commenting on the rather bulky printout of this volume. 
G.V 



Preface to the Penguin Classics edition 



Since the end of 1996, when the text oiThe Complete Dead Sea 
Scrolls in English was sent to the printers, eighteen further tomes of 
manuscript material have appeared in the series Discoveries in the 
Judaean Desert (DJDJ.Today, in January 2003, only three more 
volumes, two biblical and one non-biblical, still await publication before 
the 39-volume venture, begun in 1955 with DJD I, reaches its fulfilment. 

When reviewing The Complete Dead Sea Scrolls in 1997, John J. 
Collins wittily predicted: 'It is not inconceivable that a more complete 
edition may appear a few years hence.' Yet even today's revised and 
updated version remains in some way incomplete. It is without the 
scriptural texts found in the caves, which I never intended to include. 
Luckily these are now available in The Dead Sea Scrolls Bible issued 
by Martin Abegg, Peter Flint and Eugene Ulrich (Harper San 
Francisco, 1 999). Neither have I attempted at any stage to present the 
English translation of every scrap devoid of significance (small, 
unconnected manuscript remains, broken sentences, single words, 
half-words or letters). However, I can state even more confidently than I 
did seven years ago that the reader wiii find in this volume all that is 
meaningful and interesting in the non-biblical Dead Sea Scrolls. 

The introductory chapters and the bibliographies have also been 
brought up to date so that account is taken in them of all fresh material 
as well as of the continuous advance of Qumran research. 

The publishers have decided to provide this book with a new niche: 
forty-one years after its first appearance in 1962 in the Pelican series, 
it will have its home from now on next to the great works of world 
literature in the Penguin Classics library. 

I feel deeply honoured. 

Oxford, January 2003 
G.V 



Chronology 



BCB 197 Jmbea became a province of the Sdeodd Empire 

nded Ae Syrian successors of ALEXANDen thb 
OIBAT. 

187-175 SELEUCUS IV. Beginninj; of I It- lltnistit- infiltration, 

rcsi-itcd l>y the Zadokiic Hi^h I'ru-it (in i as 111. 
175-164 ANTiocHus IV (epipiianes). ONiAS (leposed and 

nplflCMl bjrlua HdliDopliils hioiliujAMif> 
17s JASON opoled Am ottce im fivour of hshbuub, 

HelltHiihH lH|b Priest from tyt to itfs sci. 

I St the insdgadon of mbhilaus. 
an. 

169 ANTIOOHVS M bgr mbmbuvs pn&ned and phin- 

dered die 'Rmple ofjcniaalem. 
itfS AN I in< iit-s thwarted 1^ the Romans in his second 

t;iiii[t.iit;ii :ii;;iinsi Kgypt. 

1^7 Persecution of those Jews vho opposed die unifi- 

qnim of Ac S tI m cM Bo^^bo o> dw bids of Qrodk 
culture and rd^km. Offidal abolition of Jewish rel- 
igion and practice under threat of death. The Temple 
transformed into a sanctuary of Olympian /.cu.s. 

166 Risini: of the Maocabecs supported by all the trad- 

ition, il p.irties UDder die leadership of jddas 

MACCABEE. 

164 IhKe. rum,*tSM^ of tfat lkBfk» siflt hdd hf 

UBHELAVS. 

162-150 DEMETRii-s t. MENELAUS executed bv the Syrians. 

ALCiMus appointed High Priest by the Idng. 

161 JUDAS killed in battle. Jonathan assumed leader- 

ship of die rdwb (itf 1-152 



l6o ALCIMVSi the han HeUenizing High Priest, died of a 

smAc End tjfSytiui military intervention. 

152-145 ALBXAHim BALAS usuqKd the Sclcucid throne and 

■pp OhHedlONATHAN High Pricst(i52-i4i/' ii<:n). 

145-142 ANTIOCHUS VI, son of ALEXANDER, raised to die 

dmme hy twrnum, fab fidnrliffBiMnliOHMnuH 
named fowemor of Syria, simon, his broAn^ made 

military governor of the P:i1cstini;in littond. 
143 JONATHAN arrcstcii liy iKvi*no\. 

143/2-135/4 siHON High PHesi and ethnarch. 
14s JONATHAN executed in prison. 

140 Simon's titles oonfiimed as hereditary. Foundation 

ofdwMMCabMIBtOr Masmonacan, d>-n3st>. 
135/4 tiuim BonlefBd by his son-in-bw. 

135/4-104 JOBH BTtCANVS I High Priest and ethnarch. 

Oppoaed by die Pharisees. 
104-103 AKiSTOBVurs I High Priesc and king. 

103-76 ALBXAMDn JANNAXVS Hl^ PrieS^ Uog^ SBd 0C»- 

queroT. Resisted by the Pharisees. 

71S-67 Ai,F.XANi>RA. widow of .1 AN N A Kv s. quccti. Kricnd of 

the Pharistrfs. iiyrcam s ii High Pritvt. 

67 HVBCANUS 11 lung and High Priest. Deposed by his 

brother AEirroBVLVs. 

67-63 AUSTOSVLOS II long and High Priest Taken 

prisoner by poupcv in 63 bce after the fatt of 
Jferusalem. Judaea became a Roman province. 

63-40 HvacANUs 11 reinstated as High Priest without the 

royal tide. 

40-37 ANTiGONus, son of AaisTOBULus II, occupied the 

thfooe and poBtificiH iridi Pai'ihiiii au^pciti 
mracAN vs maimed aod adkd. 

37-4 iiF.RoD THF GRFAT. Eod of Ibmoaaean dputitf. 

iivRi \Ni s cxfcinfd in 30»<a. 

27-14 CI AUGUSTUS emperor. 

6 ■« (?) Knh of juvs op hazarbth. 

4 bcbhS OB archblavs ethnarch of Judaea and Samaria. 

14^37 CB TIBERIUS emperor. 

26-jfi PONTIUS PILATE prefect of Judaea. 

30^) CnidfixkHiof JE5VS. 



tf6-7o Rnc JewiA Vfm miSng iriA the tapnre of 

Jennalem «d the Jciu uuiu u of ifae Tfanple by 

TlTl'S, 

73/74 l-;ill<.t"\his.uia. 

IJ2-5 Second unsuccessful Jewish War against Rome led 

by aiMBOH BAH KOSIBA EOKBU)* 



/. Introduction 



On the western shore of the Dead Sea, about eight miles south of 
Jericho, lies a complex of ruins known as Khirbet Qumran. It occupies 
one of the lowest parts of the earth, on the fringe of the hot and arid 
wastes of the Wilderness of Judaea, and is today, apart from 
occasional invasions by coachloads of tourists, lifeless, silent and 
empty But from that place, members of an ancient Jewish religious 
community whose centre it was, hurried out one day and in secrecy 
climbed the nearby cliffs in order to hide away in eleven caves their 
precious scrolls. No one came back to retrieve them, and there they 
remained undisturbed for almost 2,000 years. 

The account of the discovery of the Dead Sea Scrolls, as the 
manuscripts are inaccurately designated, and of the half a century of 
intense research that followed, is in itself a fascinating as well as an 
exasperating story. It has been told many a time, but this fiftieth 
anniversary of the first Scroll find excuses, and even demands, yet 
another rehearsal.l 



A BIRD'S-EYE VIEW OF FIFTY YEARS OF DEAD 
SEA SCROLLS RESEARCH 



1. 1947-1967 

News of an extraordinary discovery of seven ancient Hebrew and 
Aramaic manuscripts began to spread in 1948 from Israeli and 
American sources.^ The original chance find by a young Bedouin 
shepherd, Muhammad edh-Dhib, occurred during the last months of 
the British mandate in Palestine in the spring or summer of 1947, 
unless it was slightly eariier, in the winter of 1946.^ In 1949, the cave 



where the scrolls lay hidden was Identified, thanks to the efforts of a 
bored Belgian army officer of the United Nations Armistice Observer 
Corps, Captain Philippe Lippens, assisted by a unit of Jordan's Arab 
Legion, commanded by Major-General Lash. It was investigated by G. 
Lankester Harding, the English Director of the Department of 
Antiquities of Jordan, and the French Dominican archaeologist and 
biblical scholar, Father Roland de Vaux. They retrieved hurxJreds of 
leather fragments, some large but most of them minute, in addition to 
the seven scrolls found In the same cave. 

Three of the rolls, an Incomplete Isaiah manuscript, a scroll of Hymns 
and one describing the War of the Sons of Light against the Sons of 
Darkness, were purchased in 1947 by the Hebrew University's 
Professor of Jewish Archaeology, E. L. Sukenik, who proceeded at full 
speed towards their publication. The other four were entrusted for 
study and eventual publication by their owner, the Arab metropolitan 
archbishop Mar Athanaslus, head of the Syrian Orthodox monastery of 
St Mark In Jerusalem, to the resident staff of the American School for 
Oriental Research In Jerusalem, Millar Burrows, W H. Brownlee and J. 
0. Trever. These three took charge of a complete Isaiah manuscript, 
the Commentary on Habakkuk and the Manual of Discipline, later 
renamed the Community Rule. Finally after the splitting of British 
mandatary Palestine Into Israel and Jordan, at the Ecole BIbllque et 
Archeologlque Fran^alse In Jordanian Jerusalem two young 
researchers, the Frenchman Dominique Barthelemy and the Pole 
Jozef Tadeusz Mlllk, were commissioned by de Vaux and Harding In 
late 1 951 to edit the fragments collected In Cave I. 

Between 1951 and 1956, ten further caves were discovered, most 
of them by Bedouin In the first Instance. Two yielded substantial 
quantities of material. Thousands and thousands of fragments were 
found In Cave 4 and several scrolls. Including the longest, the Temple 
Scroll, were retrieved from Cave II. The previously neglected ruins of a 
settlement In the proximity of the caves were also excavated by 
Harding and de Vaux, and the view soon prevailed that the texts, the 
caves and the Qumran site were Interconnected, and that consequently 
the study of the script and contents of the manuscripts should be 
accompanied by archaeological research. 



Progress was surprisingly quick despite the fact ttiat in those 
tialcyon days, apart from ttie small Nash papyrus, containing the Ten 
Commandments, found in Egypt and now in the Cambridge University 
Library, no Hebrew documents dating to Late Antiquity were extant to 
provide terms of comparison. In 1948 and 1949, Sukenik published in 
Hebrew two preliminary surveys entitled Hidden Scrolls from the 
JudaeanDesert, and concluded that the religious community involved 
was the ascetic sect of the Essenes, well known from the first-century 
CE writings of Philo, Josephus and Pliny the Elder, a thesis worked 
out in great detail from 1951 onwards by Andre Dupont-Sommer in 
Paris.l The first Qumran scrolls to reach the public, and the 
archaeological setting in which they were discovered, echoed three 
striking Essene characteristics. The Community Rule, a basic code of 
sectarian existence, reflects Essene common ownership and celibate 
life, while the geographical location of Qumran tallies with Pliny's 
Essene settlement on the north-western shore of the Dead Sea, south 
of Jericho. The principal novelty provided by the manuscripts consists 
of cryptic allusions to the historical origins of the Community launched 
by a priest called the Teacher of Righteousness, who was persecuted 
by a Jewish ruler, designated as the Wicked Priest. The Teacher and 
his followers were compelled to withdraw into the desert, where they 
awaited the impending manifestation of God's triumph over evil and 
darkness in the end of days, which had already begun. 

An almost unanimous agreement soon emerged, dating the 
discovery, on the basis of palaeography and archaeology to the last 
centuries of the Second Temple, i.e. second century BCE to first 
century CE. For a short while there was controversy between de Vaux, 
who decreed that the pottery and all the finds belonged to the 
Hellenistic era (i.e. pre-63 BCE), and Dupont-Sommer, who argued for 
an early Roman (post-63) date. But the finding of further caves and the 
excavation of the ruins of Qumran brought about, on 4 April 1952, de 
Vaux's dramatic retraction before the French Academie des 
Inscriptions et Belles-Lettres. His revised archaeological synthesis, 
presented in the 1959 Schweich Lectures of the British Academy 
while admittedly incomplete, is still the best comprehensive statement 
available today.^ 



A third point of early consensus concerns the chronology of the 
events alluded to in the Qumran writings, especially the biblical 
commentaries published in the 1950S and the Damascus Document. 
The so-called Maccabaean theory, placing the conflict between the 
Teacher of Righteousness and the politico-religious Jewish leadership 
of the day in the time of the Maccabaean high priest or high priests 
Jonathan and/or Simon, was first formulated in my 1952 doctoral 
dissertation, published in 1953,^ and was soon to be adopted with 
variations in detail by such leading specialists as J. T. Milik, F. M. 
Cross and R. de Vaux7 

As long as the editorial task consisted only of publishing the seven 
scrolls from Cave I, work was advancing remarkably fast. Millar 
Burrows and his colleagues published their three manuscripts in 1950 
and 1951 .® Sukenik's three texts appeared in a posthumous volume in 
1954-5.5 In the interest of speed, these editors generously abstained 
from translating and Interpreting the texts, and were content with 
releasing the photographs and their transcription. The best-preserved 
sections of the Aramaic Genesis Apocryphon followed closely in 
1956.15 Even the fragments from Cave I, handled with alacrity and 
loving care by D. Barthelemy and J. T Milik, appeared in 1955.11 The 
secrecy rule of later years, restricting access to unpublished texts to a 
small team of editors appointed by de Vaux, had not yet been applied. 
On my first visit to Jerusalem in 1952, I was allowed to examine the 
fragments of the Rule of the Congregation (IQSa), as may be seen 
from the inclusion in the final edition of a reading suggested by me to 
the editors. 

The scroll fragments, partly found by the archaeologists, but mostly 
purchased from the Arabs, who nine times out of ten outwitted their 
professional rivals, were cleaned, sorted out and displayed in the so- 
called Scrollery In the Rockefeller Museum, later renamed the 
Palestine Archaeological Museum, to become after 1967 once more 
the Rockefeller Museum. If the mass of material disgorged by Cave 4 
had not upset the original arrangements, the scandalous delays in 
publishing in later years need never have happened. 

To deal with Cave 4, Father de Vaux improvised, in 1 953 and 1 954, 



a team of seven on the whole young and untried scholars. Barthelemy 
opted out, and the brilliant but unpredictable Abbe J. T. Milil<, who later 
left the Roman Catholic priesthood, became the pillar of the new 
group. He was joined by the French Abbe Jean Starcky and two 
Americans, Monsignor Patrick Skehan and Frank Moore Cross. John 
Marco Allegro and John Strugnell were recruited from Britain, and from 
Germany Claus-Hunno Hunzinger, who soon resigned and was 
replaced later by the French Abbe Maurice Baillet. 

It should have been evident to anyone with a modicum of good 
sense that a group of seven editors, of whom only two, Starcky and 
Skehan, had already established a scholarly reputation, was 
insufficient to perform such an enormous task on any level, let alone to 
produce the kind of 'last word' edition de Vaux appears to have 
contemplated. The second serious error committed by de Vaux was 
that he wholly relied on his personal, quasi-patriarchal authority, 
instead of setting up from the start a supervisory body empowered, if 
necessary, to sack those members of the team who might fail to fulfil 
their obligations promptly and to everyone's satisfaction. 

Yet before depicting the chaos characterizing the publishing 
process in the 1970s and 1980s, in fairness it should be stressed that, 
during the first decade or so, the industry of the group could not 
seriously be faulted. Judging from the completion around 1060 of a 
primitive Concordance, recorded on handwritten index cards, of all the 
words appearing in the fragments found in Caves 2 to 10, it is clear 
that at an early date most of the texts had been identified and 
deciphered. The many criticisms advanced in subsequent years, 
focusing on these scholars' refusal to put their valuable findings into 
the public domain, should not prevent one from acknowledging that this 
original achievement, in which J. T. Milik had the lion's share, deserves 
unrestricted admiration. 

After the publication of the Cave I fragments in 1 955, the contents of 
the eight minor caves (2-3, 5-10) were released in a single volume in 
1963.1^ In 1965 J. A. Sanders, an American scholar who was not part 
of the original team, edited the Psalms Scroll, found in Cave II in 
1956.15 Finally with its typescript completed and dispatched to the 
printers a year before the fatal date of 1967, the first poorly edited 



volume of Cave 4 fragments saw the light of day in 1 968.^ 



2. 1967-1990 

With the occupation of East Jerusalem in the Six Day War, all the scroll 
fragments housed in the Palestine Archaeological Museum came 
under the control of the Israel Department of Antiquities. Only the 
Copper Scroll and a few other fragments exhibited in Amman 
remained in Jordanian hands. The Temple Scroll, which until then had 
been held by a dealer in Bethlehem,!^ was quickly retrieved with the 
help of army intelligence and acquired by the State of Israel. Vlgael 
Yadin, deputy prime minister of Israel in the 1970s, mixing politics with 
scholarship, managed to complete a magisterial three-volume 
publication by 1977.1^ 

A gentlemanly gesture on the part of the Israelis, who decided not to 
interfere with de Vaux, left him and his scattered troop in charge of the 
Cave 4 texts.lZ As for the unpublished manuscripts from Cave II, they 
were handled by Dutch and American academics.l? 

Father de Vaux, whose anti-Israeli sentiments were no secret, 
quietly withdrew to his tent and remained inactive until his death in 
1971 . Another French Dominican, Pierre Benoit, succeeded him as it 
were by natural selection in the editorial chair in 1972. The Israeli 
archaeological establishment, still aloof, conferred its blessing on him. 
By then, at my instigation, C. H. Roberts, Secretary to the Delegates, 
i.e. chief executive of Oxford University Press, decided to demand 
speedier publication, but Benoit's ineffectual rallying call either elicited 
no response from his men, or produced promises which were never 
honoured.l? In a lecture delivered in 1977, I coined the phrase which 
was thereafter often repeated that the greatest Hebrew manuscript 
discovery was fast becoming 'the academic scandal par excellence of 
the twentieth century.^ 

One may ask how and why, after such an apparently propitious 
beginning, a group of scholars, most of whom were gifted, had turned 
the editorial work on the Scrolls into such a lamentable story? In my 



opinion, tlie 'academic scandal of tlie century' resulted from a 
concatenation of causes. Lack of organization and unfortunate choice 
of collaborators can be blamed on de Vaux. For the majority of the 
team members who had other jobs to cope with, the overiong part-time 
effort caused their original enthusiasm to fade and vanish. J. T. Milil<, 
the most productive of them until the mid-seventies, appears to have 
been disenchanted by the cool reception of his highly speculative 
thesis contained in his edition of The Books olEnochAramaic 
Fragments of Qumran Cave 4(1976). 'Academic imperialism' was 
also a fector. It was easier to hold that 'These texts belong to us, not to 
you!' than to admit that the procrastinating editors had undertal<en 
more than they could deliver. Add to this the initial unwillingness of the 
Israelis to shoulder their responsibilities, and, as will be shown, their 
lack of foresight and repeated misjudgements before, finally, in the late 
1980s, they began to take an active part in matters of editorial policy. 
Need I say more? 

The inevitable began to happen: in 1980 Patrick Skehan died, 
followed by Jean Starcky in 1986, both without publishing their 
assignments. Eugene Uirich and Emile Puech became their heirs, 
while F. M. Cross and J. Strugnell distributed portions of their texts to 
serve as dissertation topics for doctoral students at Harvard University. 
Though responsible for some good, and occasionally excellent, 
monographs, this unfortunate practice further delayed progress as 
thesis writers like to keep their cards ciose to their chests untii their 
PhDs are in the bag. 

In 1986, a year before his death, Pierre Benoit resigned as editor- 
in-chief and the depleted international team elected as his successor 
the talented but tardy John Strugnell, who in thirty-three years failed to 
produce a single volume of text. In 1987, at a public session of a 
Scrolls Symposium held in London, I urged him to publish at once the 
photographic plates, while he and his acolytes carried on with their 
work at their customary snail pace. This request was met with a one- 
syllable negative answer. To the surprise of many the Israel Antiquities 
Authority (or lAA) acquiesced in Strugnell's appointment. His 
grandiose schemes never bore fruit. In 1990, after a compromising 
interview given by him to an Israeli newspaper, in which he was 



reported as having made disparaging remarl<s not only about Israelis, 
but also about the Jewish religion - he called it horrible - his fellow 
editors persuaded him to tender his resignation. It was accepted by 
the lAA on health grounds. Belatedly even the Israelis saw the light, 
andde facto terminated the thirty-seven-year-old and ultimately 
disastrous reign of the international team. 



3. 1990-2003 

After John Strugnell's withdrawal, the very capable Emanuel Tov, 
Professor of Biblical Studies at the Hebrew University was appointed 
chief editor, the first Jew and the first Israeli to head the Qumran 
publication project. He began his activities auspiciously by 
redistributing the unpublished texts among freshly recruited 
collaborators. The new editorial team, of which I became a member in 
1991 , consists of some sixty scholars compared to the original seven! 
Unfortunately Tov did not feel free to cancel the 'secrecy rule', 
introduced and strictly enforced by de Vaux and his successors, 
prohibiting access to unpublished texts to all but a few chosen editors. 
However, the protective dam erected around the fragments by the 
international team collapsed in the autumn of 1991 under the growing 
pressure of public opinion, mobilized in particular by Hershel Shanks, 
in the columns of the widely read Biblical Archaeology Review (BAR). 
The first landmark event leading towards full freedom was the 
publication in early September by BAR'S parent body the Biblical 
Archaeology Society, of seventeen Cave 4 manuscripts reconstructed 
with the help of a computer by Ben Zion Wacholder and Martin 
Abegg^from the Preliminary Concordance, alluded to earlier, which 
was privately issued in twenty-five copies (in theory only for the use of 
the official editors) by John Strugnell in 1988.^ Later in the same 
month out of the blue came the announcement by William A. Moffett 
that the Huntington Library of San Marino, California, a renowned 
research institution, would bring to an end the forty-year-old closed 
shop by opening its complete photographic archive of the Qumran 



Scrolls to all qualified scholars._ 

The lAA and the official editors attempted to resist but, by the end of 
October, under pressure from the Knesset, Israel's parliament, they 
were all forced to recognize that the battle was lost and all restrictions 
had to be lifted. Almost at once, the Scroll photograph archives at the 
Oxford Centre for Postgraduate Hebrew Studies and at the Ancient 
Biblical Manuscript Center at Claremont, previously legally compelled 
to restrict access only to persons approved by Jerusalem, were also 
thrown open to all competent research scholars. Moreover, in 
November 1991 the Biblical Archaeology Society published a two- 
volume photographic edition of the bulk of the Qumran fragments 
compiled by Robert Eisenman and James Robinson.^ How the two 
Californian professors obtained the material remains unclear This 
new policy has had an essentially beneficial effect on Qumran studies. 
Since vested interests are no longer protected, the rate of publication 
has noticeably accelerated and from 1992 learned periodicals have 
been flooded with short or not so short papers by scholars claiming 
fresh insights. Free competition has expedited the official edition itself. 
The first Cave 4 volume of biblical texts, announced as imminent by 
Father Benoit in 1983, actually appeared -pace the 1992 date on the 
cover page — on 4 March 1993.^ Scholarship and the general public 
were to become the beneficiaries of the new era of liberty. Only the 
procrastinators and the selfish stood to lose. By 1996, thanks to the 
highly efficient stewardship of the editor-in-chief, Emanuel Tov, four 
further volumes have been published and another four are in the 
pipeline. Compared with the output of the previous regime, this is an 
admirable change indeed. At the time of the revision of this book, 
thirty-six out of the thirty-nine volumes o1 Discoveries in ttie 
JudaeanDesert (DJD) have appeared, twenty-eight of them since the 
watershed year of the Scrolls 'revolution' in 1991. 



THE PRESENT STATE OF DEAD SEA SCROLLS 
STUDIES 



Between 1947 and 1956, the eleven Qumran caves yielded a dozen 
scrolls written on leather and one embossed on copper. To these we 
have to add fragments on papyrus or leather, the precise number of 
which is unknown but probably in the order of six figures. About 800 
original documents are fully or partly represented. The Cave 4 list 
alone contains 575titles,^ though it seems that some twenty 
documents (40342-61) probably originating from non-Qumran 
Judaean desert locations were mistakenly catalogued as 4Q material. 
Most scrolls are written in Hebrew, a smaller portion in Aramaic and 
only a few attest the ancient Greek or Septuagint version of the 
Bible.^ 

Among the texts previously known, all the books of the Hebrew 
Scriptures are extant at least in fragments save Esther, the absence of 
which may be purely accidental.^ Even Daniel, the most recent work 
to enter the Palestinian canon in the mid-second century BCE, is 
attested to by eight manuscripts.^ There are also remains of Aramaic 
and Greek scriptural translations. 

Furthermore, the caves have yielded some of the Apocrypha, i.e. 
religious works missing from the Hebrew Scriptures but included in the 
Septuagint, the Bible of Greek-speaking Jews. Caves 4 and 11 
revealed the Book of Tobit in Aramaic and in Hebrew, Psalm cli, 
described in the Greek version as a 'supernumerary" psalm, and the 
Wisdom of Jesus ben Sira or Ecclesiasticus in Hebrew. Part of the 
latter, chapters xxxixxliv, has also survived at Masada, and hence 
cannot be later than 73/4 CE, the date when the stronghold was 
captured by the Romans, and two medieval manuscripts, discovered 
in the storeroom (genizah) of a synagogue in Cairo in 1896, have 
preserved about two thirds of the Greek version. 

A third category of religious books, the Pseudepigrapha, though 
very popular in some Jewish circles, failed to attain canonical rank 
either in Palestine or in the Diaspora. Some of them, previously known 
in Greek, Latin or Syriac translations, have turned up in their original 
Hebrew (e.g. the Book of Jubilees) or Aramaic (e.g. the Book of 
Enoch). A good many further compositions pertaining to this class 
have also come to light, such as fictional accounts relating among 
others to Joseph, Amram, Moses, Joshua or Jeremiah, as well as 



apocryphal psalms, five of which have survived also in Syriac 
translation, others being revealed for the first time at Qumran. 

The sectarian Dead Sea Scrolls, thought to have been composed or 
revised by the Qumran Community constitute, with one exception,^ a 
complete novelty. This literature comprises rule books, Bible 
interpretation of various kinds, religious poetry. Wisdom compositions 
in prose and in verse, sectarian calendars and liturgical texts, one of 
them purporting to echo the angelic worship in the heavenly temple. To 
these are to be added several 'horoscopes' or, more precisely, 
documents of astrological physiognomy, a literary genre based on the 
belief that the temper, physical features and fate of an individual 
depend on the configuration of the heavens at the time of the person's 
birth, and a text (brontologion) predicting prodigies if thunder is heard 
on certain days, with the moon passing through given signs of the 
Zodiac. Finally, the Copper Scroll alludes in cryptic language to sixty- 
four caches of precious metals and scrolls, including another copy of 
this same inventory written without riddles. 

After a first few gaffes committed before the excavation of the site, 
the palaeographical, archaeological and literary-historical study of the 
evidence produced a general consensus among scholars concerning 
(a) the age, (b) the provenance and (c) the significance of the 
discoveries. Holders of fringe opinions have recently tended to explain 
this consensus as tyrannically imposed from above by Roland de Vaux 
and his henchmen. The truth, however, is that the opinio communis 
has resulted from a natural evolutionary process - from arguments 
which others found persuasive even when advanced by single 
individuals often unconnected with the international team - and not from 
an almighty establishment forcing an official view down the throats of 
weaklings. 



(a) The Dating of the Manuscripts 

Palaeography was the first method employed to establish the age of 
the texts. Despite the paucity of comparative material, experts 



independently arrived at dates ranging between the second century 
BCE and the first century CE. By the 1960s, in addition to the Qumran 
texts, they could mal<e use also of manuscripts from Masada (first 
century CE), as well as from the Murabba'at and other Judaean desert 
caves yielding first- and second-century CE Jewish writings. A rather 
too rigid, but useful, comprehensive system was quickly devised by F. 
M. Cross.^ While admittedly controversial if unsupported either by 
actual dates in the manuscripts themselves (a phenomenon, alas, 
unknown at Qumran) or by external criteria, these palaeographical 
conclusions were to receive a twofold boost from archaeology and 
radiocarbon dating. The archaeological thesis, based Inter alia on the 
study of pottery and coins, was formulated by R. de Vaux (cf. note 5 on 
p. 4). He assigned the occupation of Qumran to the period between 
the second half of the second century BCE and the first war between 
Jews and Romans (66-70 CE). 

Radiocarbon tests were first applied to the cloth wrapping of one of 
the scrolls as early as 1 951 . The date suggested was 33 CE, but one 
had to reckon with a 10 per cent margin of error each way^ However, 
with the improved techniques of the 1990s, eight Qumran manuscripts 
were subjected to Accelerator Mass Spectrometry or AM S. Six of 
them were found to be definitely pre-Christian, and only two straddled 
over the first century BCE/first century CE dividing line.^ Most 
importantly with a single exception - the Testament of Qahat being 
shown to be about 300 years earlier than expected - the radiocarbon 
dates confirm in substance those proposed by the palaeographers. 
Unfortunately the manuscripts tested in 1990 did not include 
historically sensitive texts. But in 1994 the lAA invited the Arizona AMS 
Laboratory at the University of Arizona, Tucson to analyse eighteen 
texts and two linen fragments. Thirteen of the manuscripts came 
definitely from Qumran and one of these had already been carbon- 
dated in Zurich. Three texts were 'date-bearing'. The general 
conclusion is as follows: 'Measurements on samples of known ages 
are in good agreement with those known ages. Ages determined from 
^^C measurements on the remainder of the Dead Sea Scroll samples 
are in reasonable agreement with paleographic estimates of such 



ages, in the case where those estimates are available. '_ On the 
whole, the results of this second radiocarbon analysis are somewhat 
disappointing in that, while the dates arrived at accommodate the 
palaeographic proposals, the margin of error is considerably greater 
than that appearing in the 1 990 Zurich tests. Nevertheless, Arizona has 
scored on one highly significant point: the Habakkuk Commentary, 
chief source of the history of the Qumran sect, is definitely put in the 
pre-Christian era between 120 and 5 BCE. Inconsequence, fringe 
scholars who see in this writing allusions to events described in the 
New Testament will find they have a problem on their hands. In sum, 
the general scholarly view today places the Qumran Scrolls roughly 
between 200 BCE and 70 CE, with a small portion of the texts 
possibly stretching back to the third century BCE, and the bulk of the 
extant material dating to the first century BCE, i.e. late Hasmonaean or 
early Herodian in the jargon of the palaeographers. 



(b) The Provenance of the Manuscripts 

With negligible exceptions, scholarly opinion recognized already in the 
1950s that the Scrolls found in the caves and the nearby ruined 
settlement were related. To take the obvious example. Cave 4 with its 
575 (or perhaps 555) documents lies literally within a stone's throw 
from the buildings. At the same time, the Essene identity of the ancient 
inhabitants of Qumran gained general acceptance. Today the Essene 
theory is questioned by some, but usually for unsound reasons. They 
adopt a simplistic attitude in comparing the two sets of evidence, 
namely the classical sources (Philo, Josephus and Pliny the Elder) and 
Qumran, and any disagreement or contradiction between them is 
hailed as final proof against the Essene thesis. Yet, if its intricacies are 
handled with sophistication, it is still the best hypothesis today^ 
Indeed, it accounts best for such striking peculiarities as common 
ownership of property and the lack of reference to women in the 
Community Rule, the probable coexistence of celibate and married 
sectaries (in accordance with Flavius Josephus' account of two kinds 



of Essenes), and the remarkable coincidence between the 
geographical setting of Qumran and Pliny the Elder's description of an 
Essene establishment near the Dead Sea between Jericho and 
Engedi. I admit of course that the Scrolls and the archaeological data 
surrounding them do not always fully agree with the Greek and Latin 
notices, and that both the Qumran and the classical accounts need to 
be interpreted and adjusted, bearing in mind that the Scrolls represent 
the views of initiates against those of more or less complete 
outsiders.^ But since none of the competing theories associating the 
Qumran group with Pharisees, Sadducees, Zealots, or Jewish- 
Christians can withstand critical scrutiny, I remain unrepentant in 
upholding my statement formulated in 1977 as still valid today: 'The 
final verdict must ... be that of the proposed solutions the Essene 
theory is relatively the soundest. It is even safe to say that it possesses 
a high degree of intrinsic probability.'^ 



(c) The Significance oftlie Qumran Scroiis 

The uniqueness of the Qumran discovery was due to the fact that with 
the possible exception of the Nash papyrus referred to earlier (p. 3), no 
Jewish text in Hebrew or Aramaic written on perishable material could 
previously be traced to the pre-Christian period. Before 1947, the 
oldest Hebrew text of the whole of Isaiah was the Ben Asher codex 
from Cairo dated to 895 CE, as against the complete Isaiah Scroll 
from Cave I, which is about a millennium older. The Apocrypha and 
Pseudepigrapha, save the Hebrew Ben Sira and the Aramaic 
fragments of the Testament of Levi from the Cairo Genizah, had 
survived only in translation. The sectarian writings found in the caves, 
apart from the already mentioned Damascus Document (p. II), count as 
a total novelty. 

To begin with, the Qumran Scrolls and the other Judaean Desert 
finds have created a new discipline: ancient, i.e. pre-medieval, 
Hebrew codicology. We now possess concrete evidence that scribes 
carefully prepared the leather or papyrus on which they were to write, 



often ruling them, with vegetable ink, kept in ink-wells. Paragraphs and 
larger unit openings were indicated by symbols in the margins. Longer 
compositions were written on scrolls, on one side of the sheets only, 
some of them numbered, which were subsequently sewn together 
Papyrus documents were often reused, with a different text inscribed 
on the verso. Short works such as letters were recorded on small 
pieces of writing material: leather, papyrus, wood or potsherd. By 
contrast, no book or codex, with pages covered with script on both 
sides and bound together, has come to light at Qumran, or in any other 
Judaean Desert site. 

The Qumran finds have also substantially altered our views 
concerning the fexf and canon of the Bible. The many medieval 
Hebrew scriptural manuscripts, representing the traditional or 
Masoretic text, are remarkable for their almost general uniformity 
Compared to the often meaningful divergences between the traditional 
Hebrew text and its ancient Greek, Latin or Syriac translations, the few 
variant readings of the Masoretic Bible manuscripts, ignoring obvious 
scribal errors, mainly concern spelling. By contrast, the Qumran 
scriptural scrolls, and especially the fragments, are characterized by 
extreme fluidity: they often differ not just from the customary wording 
but also, when the same book is attested by several manuscripts, 
among themselves. In fact, some of the fragments echo what later 
became the Masoretic text; others resemble the Hebrew underlying the 
Greek Septuagint; yet others recall the Samaritan Torah or 
Pentateuch, the only part of the Bible which the Jews of Samaria 
accepted as Scripture. Some Qumran fragments represent a mixture 
of these, or something altogether different. It should be noted, however, 
that none of these variations affects the scriptural message itself. In 
short, while largely echoing the contents of biblical books, Qumran has 
opened an entirely new era in the textual history of the Hebrew 
Scriptures.^ 

The Community's attitude to the biblical canon, i.e. the list of books 
considered as Holy Writ, is less easy to define, as no such list of titles 
has survived. Canonical status may be presumed indirectly either from 
authoritative quotations or from theological commentary. As regards 
the latter, the caves have yielded various interpretative works on the 



Pentateuch (the Temple Scroll, reworked Pentateuch manuscripts, the 
Genesis Apocryphon and other commentaries on Genesis) and the 
Prophets (e.g. Isaiah, Habakkuk, Nahum, etc.), but only on the Psalms 
among the Writings, the third traditional division of the Jewish Bible. 
From the texts available in 1988, I collected over fifty examples of 
Bible citations which were used as proof in doctrinal expositions, thus 
indicating that they were thought to possess special religious or 
doctrinal importance.^ 

On the other hand, the Psalms Scroll from Gave 11 contains seven 
apocryphal poems, including chapter L1 of the Wisdom of Jesus ben 
Sira, not annexed to, but interspersed among, the canonical hymns. 
This maybe explained as a liturgical phenomenon, a collection of 
songs chanted during worship; but it may and in my view probably 
does, mean that at Qumran the concept 'Bible' was still hazy, and the 
'canon' open-ended, which would account for the remarkable freedom 
in the treatment of the text of Scripture by a community whose life was 
nevertheless wholly centred on the Bible. 

There are two Apocrypha attested at Qumran. In connection with 
Tobit one can note that four out of the five Cave 4 manuscripts are in 
Aramaic and only one in Hebrew, but they all reflect the longer version 
of the Greek Tobit. So the long-debated original language of this book 
is still uncertain, but Aramaic has become the likeliest candidate. On 
the other hand, the Hebrew poem from Ben Sira LI has a patently 
better chance of reflecting the original than either the Greek translation 
by the author's grandson, preserved in the Septuagint, or the Hebrew 
of the medieval Cairo Genizah manuscripts, because the Qumran 
version alone faithfully reflects the acrostic character of the 
composition with the lines starting with the successive letters of the 
Hebrew alphabet, aleph, bet, gimel, etc. 

Qumran has also added to the Pseudepigrapha several new works 
dealing with biblical figures such as Joseph, Qahat, Amram, Moses, 
Joshua, Samuel. Among the works in this category which were 
previously known, the Aramaic fragments of Enoch deserve special 
mention because they appear to attest only four out of the five books of 
the Ethiopic Enoch.^ Book 2 (i.e. chapters XXXVII-LXXII), which 
describes the heavenly apocalyptic figure called son of man, a subject 



on which New Testament scholars have wasted a considerable 
amount of ink without approaching even the vaguest consensus, is 
missing at Qumran. Thus the Aramaic Enoch does not support their 
speculations any more than do the Greek manuscripts, which are also 
without chapters XXXVII-LXXII of the Ethiopic Enoch.H 

The contribution of the Scrolls to general Jewsh history is negligible, 
and even to the history of the Community is fairly limited. The chief 
reason for this is that none of the non-biblical compositions found at 
Qumran belongs to the historical genre. The sectarian persons and 
events mentioned in the manuscripts are depicted in cryptic language 
as fulfilment of ancient prophecies relating to the last age. The chief 
sources of sectarian history, the Damascus Document and the Bible 
commentaries or pesharim, identify the Community's principal 
enemies as the kings of Yavan (Greece) and the rulers of the Kittim 
(Romans). Also, the Nahum Commentary's historical perspective 
extends from Antiochus (no doubt Epiphanes, c. 170 BCE) to the 
conquest by the Kittim (probably 63 BCE). Names familiar from 
Jewish or Graeco-Roman history appear here and there. The Nahum 
Commentary alludes to Antiochus, and to another Syrian Greek king, 
Demetrius (most likely Demetrius III at the beginning of the first century 
BCE). Very fragmentary historical calendars from Cave 4 contain the 
phrase 'Aemilius killed', meaning no doubt Aemilius Scaurus, 
governor of Syria at the time of Pompeys conquest of Jerusalem in 
63. They mention also Jewish rulers of the Maccabaean — 
Hasmonaean era (second-first centuries BCE), Shelamzion or 
Salome-Alexandra, widow and successor of Alexander Jannaeus (76- 
67 BCE); Hyrcanus and John (Yohanan), either John Hyrcanus I 
(135/4-104 BCE) or more likely II (63-40 BCE),^ and King Jonathan, 
Alexander Jannaeus or, in my opinion, more likely Jonathan 
Maccabaeus (161-143/2 BCE).^ In one respect, despite the absence 
of detail, the evidence is telling: all these characters belong to the 
second or the first half of the first century BCE. So also do most of the 
coins discovered at Qumran. 

The mainstream hypothesis, built on archaeology and literary 
analysis, sketches the history of the Scrolls Community (or Essene 
sect) as follows.^ Its prehistory starts in Palestine - some claim also 



Babylonian antecedents - with the rise of the Hasidic movement, at the 
beginning of the second century BCE as described in the first bool< of 
the IVIaccabees (I IVIac. ii, 42-44; vii, 13-17). Sectarian (Essene) 
history itself originated in a clash between the Wicked Priest or Priests 
(Jonathan and/or possibly Simon Maccabaeus) and the Teacher of 
Righteousness, the anonymous priest who was the spiritual leader of 
the Community. The sect consisted of the survivors of the Hasidim, 
linked with a group of dissident priests who, by the mid-second 
century, came under the leadership of the sons of Zadok, associates 
of the Zadokite high priests. This history continues at Qumran, and no 
doubt in many other Palestinian localities, until the years of the first 
Jewish rebellion against Rome, when possibly in 68 CE the settlement 
is believed to have been occupied by Vespasian's soldiers. Whether 
the legionaries encountered sectarian resistance - such a theory would 
be consonant with Josephus' reference to an Essene general among 
the revolutionaries^ and to a massacre of the Essenes by the 
Romans^ - or whether the threatening presence of the contingents of 
Zealot Sicarii, who had already expelled the Essenes from Qumran, 
provoked a Roman intervention, are purely speculative matters. One 
fact is certain, however. No one of the original occupants of Qumran 
returned to the caves to reclaim their valuable manuscripts. 

A variation on this theme, called the Groningen hypothesis, 
postulates a whole series of six Wicked Priests, and identifies the 
Community not with the main Essene sect but with one of Its splinter 
groups.!^ The Zealot theory, elaborated In the 1950s in Oxford by Sir 
Godfrey Driver and Cecil Roth,^ is hard to reconcile with the totality of 
the available evidence, as most of the Qumran documents predate the 
Zealot period. 

More recently Norman Golb of Chicago has launched a forceful 
attack on the common opinion. His objections, reiterated in a series of 
papers,^ culminated in 1995 in a hefty tome.* The target of his 
criticism is the provenance of the scrolls found at Qumran. According 
to him, the manuscripts originated in a Jerusalem library (or libraries), 
the contents of which were concealed in desert caves when the capital 
was besieged between 67 and 70 CE. The chief corollary of the 



hypothesis is that the Essenes had nothing to do either with the 
Qumran settlement - a fortress in Golb's opinion^ - or with the 
manuscripts. 

The early assumption of Scroll scholars that every non-biblical Dead 
Sea text was an Essene writing^ might have justified to some extent 
Norman Golb's scepticism. But nowadays specialists distinguish 
between Qumran manuscripts written by members of the Essene sect, 
and others either predating the Community or simply brought there 
from outside. Emanuel Tov, for instance, has drawn a dividing line on 
scribal grounds between scrolls produced at Qumran and the rest.^ 
However, in my view the soft underbelly of the Jerusalem hypothesis is 
revealed - apart from the patent weakness of the archaeological 
interpretation, for Qumran is not a fortress - by the composition of the 
manuscript collection itself, definitely pointing towards a sectarian 
library. If Cave 4 is taken as representative, whereas several biblical 
books (Kings, Lamentations, Ezra and Chronicles) are attested only in 
single copies; and others, as important as Numbers, Joshua, Judges, 
Proverbs, Ruth and Ecclesiastes, in tm copies, we find ten copies of 
the Community Rule and nine of the Damascus Document. Over a 
dozen manuscripts contain sectarian calendars, yet not one 
mainstream calendar figures among the 575 (or 555) compositions 
found in that cave! So, if the texts discovered at Qumran came from 
the capital, can their source have been an Essene library in 
Jerusalem?^ 



QUMRAN AND THE NEW TESTAMENT 

Since Qumran and early Christianity partly overlap, it is not surprising 
that from the very beginning of Dead Sea Scrolls research some 
scholars endeavoured to identify the two. The first attempt came from 
England in the early 1950s, with Jacob Teicher of Cambridge 
modestly advancing the thesis that Jesus was the Teacher of 
Righteousness and Saint Paul the Wicked Priest.^ This trend was 
continued with loud media support by J. M. Allegro's speculation about 



the role of ammanita muscaiia, a hallucinogenic fungus, in the 
genesis of the Christian Church.^ It reached its climax with Barbara 
Thiering's discovery that John the Baptist was the Teacher of 
Righteousness and the married, divorced and remarried Jesus, father 
of four children, the Wicked Priest.^ As for Robert Eisenman, he 
ignores Jesus, and casts instead his brother, James, in the role of the 
Teacher of Righteousness, with Paul playing the Wicked Priest.^ In 
my opinion all these theories fail the basic credibility test: they do not 
spring from, but are foisted on, the texts.^ 

These - to say the least - improbable speculations as well as the no 
less fantastic claim that Qumran Cave 7 yielded remains of the Gospel 
of Mark and other New Testament writings in Greek^ need not detain 
us any longer. 

Turning to the real relationship between the Scrolls and the New 
Testament, this can be presented under a threefold heading. (1) We 
note (a) fundamental similarities of language (both in the Scrolls and in 
the New Testament the faithful are called 'sons of light'); (b) ideology 
(both communities considered themselves as the true Israel, governed 
by twelve leaders, and expected the imminent arrival of the Kingdom of 
God); (c) attitude to the Bible (both considered their own history as a 
fulfilment of the words of the Prophets). However, all correspondences 
such as these may be due to the Palestinian religious atmosphere of 
the epoch, without entailing any direct influence. 

(2) More specific features, such as monarchic administration (i.e. 
single leaders, overseers at Qumran, bishops in Christian 
communities) and the practice of religious communism in the strict 
discipline of the sect and at least in the early days in the Jerusalem 
church (cf. Acts ii, 44-5), would suggest a direct causal connection. If 
so, it is likely that the young and inexperienced church modelled itself 
on the by then well-tried Essene society. 

(3) In the study of the historical Jesus, the charismatic- 
eschatological aspects of the Scrolls have provided the richest 
gleanings for comparison. For example, the Prayer of Nabonidus, 
known since the mid-1 950s,^ and concerned with the story of 
Nabonidus' cure by a Jewish exorcist who forgave his sins, provides 



the most telling parallel to the Gospel account of the healing of a 
paralytic in Capernaum whose sins Jesus declared forgiven.^ 

The second example is the so-called Resurrection fragment 
(4Q521, cf. below, pp. 412-3).^ In this poem, the age of the 
eschatological kingdom is characterized, with the help of Psalm cxivi, 
7-8 and Isaiah Ixi, 1, by the liberation of captives, the curing of the 
blind, the straightening of the bent, the healing of the wounded, the 
raising of the dead and the proclamation of the good news to the poor 
Likewise, in the Gospels, victory over disease and the devil is viewed 
as the sure sign of the initial manifestation of God's reign. Jesus is 
reported to have announced: 

if it is by the finger of God that I cast out demons, the Kingdom of God 
has come upon you. 

(Lk. xi, 20) 

Similarly to John the Baptist's inquiry whether Jesus was the final 
messenger the following reply is sent: 

Go and tell John what you hear and see: the blind recei\fi their sight and 
the lame walk, lepers are cleansed and the deaf hear, and the dead are 
raised up, and the poor have good news preached to them. 

(Matth. xi, 4-5) 

Note furthermore that Community Rule 4:6 lists healing as the chief 
eschatological reward and that according to the Palestinian Aramaic 
paraphrases of Genesis ill, 15 the days of the Messiah will bring an 
ultimate cure to the children of Eve wounded by the serpent in the 
garden of Eden.^ 



QUMRAN'S GREATEST NOVELTY 

If one had to single out the most revolutionary novelty furnished by 
Qumran, its contribution to our understanding of the genesis of Jewish 



literary compositions could justifiably be our primary choice. 
Comparative study of biblical manuscripts, where no two copies 
display the same text, and of sectarian worl<s, attested in a number of 
sometimes startlingly different redactions, has revealed in one leading 
scholar's words 'insufficiently controlled copying'.^ In my view, 
however, the phenomenon would better be described as scribal 
creative freedom. Qumran manuscripts of Scripture, and even more of 
the Community Rule and the War Scroll, indicate that diversity not 
uniformity reigned there and then, and that redactor-copyists felt free 
to improve the composition which they were reproducing. Or, to quote 
myself. 

The Dead Sea Scrolls have afforded for the first time direct insight into 
the creative literary-religious process at work within that variegated 
Judaism which flourished during the last two centuries of quasi- 
national independence, before the catastrophe of 70 CE forced the 
rabbinic successors of the Pharisees to attempt to create an 
'orthodoxy' by reducing dangerous multiplicity to a simple, tidy and 
easily controllable unity.^ 

Looking at the Qumran discoveries from an overall perspective, it is - 1 
believe - the student of the history of Palestinian Judaism in the inter- 
Testamental era (150 BCE-70 CE) who is their principal beneficiary. 
For such an expert, the formerly quite unknown sectarian writings of the 
Dead Sea literature have opened new avenues of exploration in the 
shadowy era of the life of Jesus, the rise of Christianity and the 
emergence of rabbinic Judaism. From the Jewish side, it was 
previously poorly documented. The rabbis of the first and second 
centuries CE had not permitted religious writings of that epoch to go 
down to posterity unless they conformed fully to their ideas, and 
although some of these texts were preserved by Christians (viz. the 
Apocrypha and many of the Pseudepigrapha), the fact that they had 
served as a vehicle for Church apologetics caused their textual 
reliability to be suspect. But the Scrolls are unaffected by either 
Christian or rabbinic censorship, and now that their evidence is 



complete, historians will be thoroughly acquainted, not with just another 
aspect of Jewish beliefs or customs, but with the whole organization, 
teaching and aspirations of a religious community flourishing during 
the last centuries of the Second Temple. 

The Scrolls have understandably awakened intense interest in the 
academic world, but why have they appealed so strongly to the 
imagination of the non-specialist? I would say, the outstanding 
characteristic of our age appears to be a desire to reach back to the 
greatest attainable purity to the basic truth free of jargon. Affecting the 
whole of our outlook, it has necessarily included the domain of 
religious thought and behaviour, and with it, in the Western world, the 
whole subject of Judaeo-Christian culture and spirituality. A search is 
being made for the original meaning of issues with which we have 
become almost too familiar and which with the passing of the centuries 
have tended to become choked with inessentials, and it has led not 
only to a renewed preoccupation with the primitive but fully developed 
expression of these issues in the Scriptures, but also to a desire for 
knowledge and understanding of their prehistory. 

The laws and rules, hymns and other liturgical works as well as the 
Bible commentaries of the Qumran Community respond to this need in 
that they add substance and depth to the historical period in which 
Jewish Christianity and rabbinic Judaism originated. They reveal one 
facet of the spiritual ferment at work among the various Palestinian 
religious parties at that time, a ferment which culminated in a thorough 
re-examination and re interpretation of the fundamentals of the Jewish 
faith. By dwelling in such detail on the intimate organization of their 
society on the role attributed to their Teacher and on their ultimate 
hopes and expectations, the sect of the Scrolls has exposed its own 
resulting synthesis. This in its turn has thrown into relief and added a 
new dimension to its dissenting contemporaries. Thus, compared with 
the ultra-conservative rigidity of the Essene Rule, rabbinic Judaism 
reveals itself as progressive and flexible, while the religion preached 
and practised by Jesus of Nazareth stands out invested with religious 
individuality and actuality. Also, by comparison to all three, the 
ideology of the Gentile Church sounds a definitely alien note.^ Yet at 
the same time, the common ground from which they all sprang, and 



their affinities and borrowings, show tliemselves more clearly than ever 
before. It Is no exaggeration to state that none of these religious 
movements can properly be understood independently of the others. 

Essenism is dead. The brittle structure of its stiff and exclusive 
brotherhood was unable to withstand the national catastrophe which 
strucl< Palestinian Judaism in 70 CE. Animated by the loftiest of ideals 
and devoted to the observance of 'perfect holiness', it yet lacked the 
pliant strength arxJ the elasticity of thought and depth of spiritual vision 
which enabled rabbinic Judaism to survive and flourish. And although 
the Teacher of Righteousness clearly sensed ttie deeper obligations 
implicit in the Mosaic Law, he was without the genius of Jesus ttie Jew 
who succeeded in urKOvering the essence of religion as an existential 
relationship between man and man and man and God. 



//. The Community 



Since the early 1950s, the information garnered from the Scrolls and 
from Qumran's archaeological remains has been combined by experts 
to form a persuasive portrait of the people to which they allude. Yet for 
all the advances made in knowledge and understanding, the enigma of 
the sect is by no means definitely solved. After all this time, we are still 
not certain that we have collated the whole evidence correctly or 
interpreted it properly Questions continue to arise in the mind and 
there is still no way to be sure of the answers. 

Our perplexity is mainly due to an absence in the documents, singly 
or together, of any systematic exposition of the sect's constitution and 
laws. The Community Rule legislates for a group of ascetics living in a 
kind of 'monastic' society, the statutes of the Damascus Document for 
an ordinary lay existence; MMTCMqisaf Ma'ase ha-Torah, or Some 
Observances of the Law) probably echoes the prehistory or early 
history of the sect; and the War Rule and Messianic Rule in their turn, 
while associated with the Community Rule and the Damascus 
Document, and no doubt reflecting to some extent a contemporary 
state of affairs, first and foremost plan for a future age. 

Taken together, however, it is clear from this literature that the 
sectaries regarded themselves as the true Israel, the repository of the 
authentic traditions of the religious body from which they had seceded. 
Accordingly, they organized their movement so that it corresponded 
faithfully to that of the Jewish people, dividing it into priests and laity (or 
Aaron and Israel), and the laity grouped after the biblical model into 
twelve tribes. This structure is described in the War Scroll's account of 
reconstituted Temple worship as it was expected to be at the end of 
time: 

... the twelve chief Priests shall minister at the daily sacrifice before God 
... Below them ... shall be the chiefs of the Levifes fothe number of twete, 
one for each fribe ... Below fhem shall be the chiefs of the tribes ... 

f/Q/wrr, 1-3) 



still following the biblical pattern, sectarian society (apart from the tribe 
of Levi) was further distinguished into units of Thousands, Hundreds, 
Fifties and Tens (IQS 11, 21; CD XIII, 1-2). To what extent these 
figures are symbolical, we do not know, but it is improbable that 
'Thousands' amounted to anything more than a figure of speech. It is 
not irrelevant, in this connection, to note that the archaeologists have 
deduced from the fact that the cemetery contained 1 ,100 graves, dug 
over the course of roughly 200 years, that the population of Qumran, an 
establishment of undoubted importance, can never have numbered 
more than 150 to 200 souls at a time. Also, it should be borne in mind 
that the total membership of the Essene sect in the first century CE 
only slightly exceeded 'four thousand' (Josephus, Antiquities X\/\\\, 21). 

To consider now the two types separately, the 'monastic' 
brotherhood at Qumran alludes to itself in the Community Rule as 'the 
men of holiness' and 'the men of perfect holiness', and to the sect as 
'the Community and 'Council of the Community or 'the men of the 
Law' (4QS'^=4Q258). The establishment was devoted exclusively to 
religion. Work must have formed a necessary part of their existence; it 
is obvious from the remains discovered at Qumran that they farmed, 
made pots, cured hides and reproduced manuscripts. But no 
indication of this appears in the documents. It is said only that they 
were to 'eat in common and bless in common and deliberate in 
common' (IQS VI, 2-3), living in such a way as to 'seek God with a 
whole heart and soul' (IQS 1, 1-2). Perfectly obedient to each and 
every one of the laws of Moses and to all that was commanded by the 
Prophets, they were to love one another and to share with one another 
their 'knowledge, powers and possessions' (IQS I, II). They were to be 
scrupulous in their observance of the times appointed for prayer, and 
for every other aspect of a liturgical existence conducted apart from 
the Temple of Jerusalem and its official cult. 'Separate from the 
habitation of unjust men' (IQS VIII, 13), they were to study the Torah in 
the wilderness and thereby 'atone for the Land' (IQS VIII, 6, 1 0) and its 
wicked men, for whom they were to rxjurish an 'everlasting hatred' 
(IQS ix, 21), though this went together with a firm conviction that their 



fate was in God's hands alone. And the poet proclaims in the Hymn 
with which the Community Rule ends: 

I will payto no man the reward of ey'l; 
I will pursue him with goodness. 
Forjudgementof all the living is with God 
Aid it is He who will render to man his reward. 

(IQSx, 17-18) 

They were to be truthful, humble, just, upright, charitable arxJ modest. 
They were to 

watch in community for a third of every night of the year, to read the Book 
and to study the Law and to bless together. 

(IQS VI, 7-8) 

These are, as may be seen, mostly the sort of recommendations to be 
expected of men devoting themselves to contemplation. A point to 
bear in mind, however, is that the contemplative life is not a regular 
feature of Judaism. An additional distinctive trait of these sectaries is 
that another qualification was required of them besides holiness: they 
were expected to become proficient in the knowledge of the 'two 
spirits' in which all men 'walk', the spirits of truth and falsehood, and to 
learn how to discriminate between them. They were taught in the so- 
called 'instruction concerning the Two Spirits', the earliest Jewish 
theological tractate incorporated into the Community Rule, how to 
recognize a 'son of Light' or potential 'son of Light, and how to 
distinguish a 'son of Darkness' belonging to the lot of Belial (IQS III, 13- 
IV, 25; cf. below pp. 73-4). 

The hierarchy at Qumran was strict and formal, from the highest level 
to the lowest. Every sectary was inscribed in 'the order of his rank' 
(IQS VI, 22) - the term 'order' recurs constantly - and was obliged to 
keep to it in all the Community meetings and at table, an order that 
was subject to an annual review on the Feast of the Renewal of the 
Covenant. But after democratic beginnings, with the 'Congregation' 
(literally, 'the Many) as such forming the supreme authority, testified to 



by what seems to be the earliest formulation of the communal 
constitution (cf. 4QS'''''=4Q256, 258, see below, pp. 118-19), the 
'sons of Zadok, the priests', members of the 'Zadokite' high-priestly 
family, took over the leadership of the sect. Although nothing to this 
effect is mentioned specifically in the Community Rule, the superior, 
the so-called mebaqqer or Guardian, was undoubtedly one of their 
number, as was the Bursar of the Congregation entrusted with 
handling the material affairs of the Community In their hands lay the 
ultimate responsibility for decisions on matters of doctrine, discipline, 
purity and impurity, and in particular everything pertaining to 'justice 
and property" (IQS IX, 7). It was also a basic rule of the order that a 
priest was required to be present at any gathering of ten or more 
members who were meeting for debate, Bible study or prayer. A priest 
was to recite the grace before the common meals and to pronounce 
blessings (IQS VI, 3-8). He was no doubt the man whose duty it was to 
study the Law continually (IQS VI, 7; VIII, 11-12). One interesting 
feature of the priesthood at Qumran is that their precedence was 
absolute. In Judaism as represented by the Mishnah, the priest is 
superior to the Levite, the Levite to the Israelite, and the Israelite to the 
'bastard' (Horayot III, 8). But the priestly precedence is conditional. If 
the 'bastard' is a man of learning, we are told, and the High Priest an 
uneducated 'boor', 'the bastard ... precedes the High Priest'. 

The highest office was vested in the person of the Guardian, known 
also, it would seem, as the 'IVlaster' {maskil). The Community was to 
be taught by him how to live in conformity with the 'Book of the 
Community Rule' (IQS 1,1; 4QS^=4Q255), and to be instructed by him 
in the doctrine of the 'two spirits'. He was to preside over assemblies, 
giving leave to speak to those wishing to do so (IQS VI, 11-13). He 
was to assess, in concert with the brethren, the spiritual progress of 
the men in his charge and rank them accordingly (IQS VI, 21-2). And 
negatively he was not to dispute with 'the men of the Pit (or Dawn)' 
and not to transmit to them the sect's teachings (IQS IX, 16-17). Of the 
sect's institutions, the most significant appears to have been the 
Council of the Community, or assembly of the Congregation. From a 
passage ordering all the members to sit in their correct places - 'the 
Priests shall sit first, and ttie elders second, and all the rest of the 



people according to their rark' (IQS VI, 8-9) - the Courrcil seems to 
have been a gathering of the whole community, under the priests and 
men of importance, marshalled by the Levites, and with the Guardian 
at the head. But in another text, generally held to be an early section, 
the rule is as follows: 

In the Council of the Community there shall be twel\« men and three 
Priests, perfectly \«rsecl in all that is re\fialed of the Law, whose wori<s 
shall be truth, righteousness, justice, ioving-l<indness and humility They 
shall preserve the faith in the Land with steadfastness and meekness and 
shall atone tor sin bythe practice of justice and bysuffering the sorrows of 
aflliction. They shall walk with all men according to the standard of truth 
and the rule of the time. 

(IQS VIII, 1-4) 

These three priests and twelve men are referred to also as 'fifteen 
men' in a hybrid version of the Community Rule and the Damascus 
Document (4Q265 fr 7 ii). Their presence was obviously essential: 
both documents state that when they 'are in Israel, the Council of the 
Community shall be established in truth' (IQS VIII, 4-5; 4Q265 fr. 7 11, 7- 
8). But whether they formed the nucleus of the sect as a whole, or the 
minimum quorum of the leadership of the Community symbolically 
portrayed as consisting of the twelve tribes and the three Levitical 
clans, or a special elite within the Council designated elsewhere 'the 
Foundations of the Community", must be left open to question. The 
purpose of the meetings is in any case clear It was to debate the Law, 
to discuss their current business, to select or reject newcomers under 
the guidance of the Guardian, to hear charges against offenders and 
to conduct a yearly inquiry into the progress of every sectary, 
promoting or demoting them in rank, again under the Guardian's 
supervision (IQS v, 23-4; VI, 13-23). During their sessions, order and 
quiet were to prevail: a person wishing to offer his opinion or ask a 
question was to crave permission in a prescribed way. He was to rise 
and tell the Guardian and the Congregation, 'I have something to say 
to the Congregation' and then wait for their consent before going 
ahead (IQS VI, 8-13). 
The procedure followed in inquiries into infringements of the Law 



and the sect's Rule has been preserved, and the list of faults with their 
corresponding sentences tells us more about the mentality of the Dead 
Sea ascetics than any isolated exposition of their doctrine and 
principles can do. 

Beginning with the blackest sins: any transgression, by commission 
or omission, of 'one word of the Law of Moses, on any point whatever' 
earned outright expulsion. No former companion might from then on 
associate with the sinner In any way at ail (IQS VIII, 21-4). Expulsion 
followed, secondly, the pronouncement for any reason whatever of the 
divine Name: 

If any man has uttered ttie [Most] N^nerable Name, ewn though 
friMolously or as a result of shock, or for any other reason whatever, while 
reading the Book or blessing, he shall be dismissed and shall return ... no 
more. 

(IQS VI, 27-VII, 2) 

Thirdly, a sectary was expelled for slandering the Congregation (IQS 
VII, 16). Fourthly, he was sent away for rebelling against the 
'Foundations' of the Community: 

VVhoe\«r has murmured against the authority of the Community shall be 
e;^elled and shall not return. 

(IQS VII, 17) 



Lastly where a man had been a member of the Council for at least ten 
^ars and had then defected to 'walk in the stubbornness of his hearf , not 
only was he to be expelled, but the same judgement was extended to any 
of his former colleagues who might take pity on him and share with him 
their food or money 

(IQS VII, 22-3). 

The remaining oftences are of a kind that might be confessed and 
censured in any Christian religious order of today, though one cannot 
perhaps say the same of the penances imposed for them. 

In a descendinq order of gravity: a man who 'betrayed the truth and 



walked in the stubbornness of his heart' (IQS VII, 18-21), or 
transgressed the Mosaic Law Inadvertently (IQS VIII, 24-IX, I), was 
visited with two years of penance. He was to lose his rank and during 
the first year be separated from the 'purity of ttie Congregation, and 
during the second year, from its 'drink'. Both notions will be developed 
presently. He was then to be re-examined by the Congregation and 
subsequently returned to his place In the order. 

Lying in matters of property, In all probability the partial concealment 
of personal possessions, earned exclusion from 'purity for a year and 
a cut by one quarter in the food ration (IQS VI, 25-7). The penal code of 
4Q265, which closely resembles that of IQS, prescribes for deceiving 
a companion an exclusion for six months and a halving of the guilty 
person's food portion. Disrespect to a companion of higher rank, 
rudeness and anger towards a priest, slander and deliberate insult, all 
earned one year of penance and exclusion from 'purity (IQS VI, 25-7; 
VII, 2-5). After this, tine sentences decrease to six montlns, three 
months, thirty days and ten days of penance. 

For lying deliberately and similarly deceiving by word or deed, for 
bearing malice unjustly, for taking revenge, for murmuring against a 
companion unjustly and also for going 'naked before his companion, 
without having been obliged to do so' - a curious proviso - tlie sectary 
was to atone for six montlis. For failing to care for a companion and for 
speaking foolishly: three montlis. For falling asleep during a meeting of 
the Council, for leaving the Council while members were standing (in 
prayer?), for spitting in Council, for 'guffawing foolishly, for being 'so 
poorly dressed that when drawing his hand from beneath his garment 
his nakedness has been seen': thirty days. The penal code contained 
in another of the Cave 4 manuscripts of the Damascus Document 
(4Q266) mentions also ten days' penance, in addition to the thirty 
days' expulsion inflicted on someone who has fallen asleep during a 
meeting! And for leaving an assembly three times without reason, for 
interrupting another while speaking, for gesticulating with the left hand: 
ten days (IQS VII, 15). A fascinating fragment (4Q477) has preserved 
in writing cases of misbehaviour by named sectaries: 'Yohanan son of 
...' was 'short-tempered'; 'Hananiah Notos' led astray 'the spirit of the 
Community and either pampered himself or sliowed favouritism to his 



near kin(?); atxJ another 'Hananiah son of Sim[on]' 'loved' something 
no doubt prohibited. 

That the common table was of high importance to Qumran daily iife 
is evident from the ^ct that only the fully professed and the faultless, 
that is to say those who were 'inscribed ... for purity' and not 
subsequently disqualified, were allowed to sit at It. There Is no explicit 
mention of a ritual bath preceding the meals, but from various 
references to purification by water, as well as the presence of bathing 
installations at Qumran, It is likely that the sectaries immersed 
themselves before eafing as did the Essenes acconding to Josephus 
{War 11, 129). But little more Is learnt of the meal Itself from the 
Community Rule than that when the table had been 'prepared for 
eating, and tfie new wine for drinking', the priest was to be the first to 
bless the food and drink (IQS VI, 4-5). The implication would be that 
after him the others did the same, an inference supported by the 
iVlessianic Rule, where a similar meal is described attended by two 
iVlessiahs (IQSa ii, 17-21). Some uncertainty surrounds the meaning of 
'new wine', but it would seem from the use in the Scrolls (with the 
exception of the Temple Scroll), of the alternative Hebrew words for 
wine - tirosh and yayin - that the latter often has pejorative 
connotations. iVIore likely than not, the 'wine' drunk by the sectaries, 
'the drink of the Congregation', was unfermented grape-juice. 

Another topic to be considered under the heading of communal iife 
and institutions is the crucial one of induction into the sect. And if it 
should seem strange to place it towards the end rather than at the 
beginning, the explanation is that with an idea, however sketchy of 
what was entailed by adherence to the movement, the process by 
which it admitted a Jew Into its company becomes easier to follow. 
According to the regime adopted at Qumran, a person desiring to join 
the sect remained on probation, certainly for two years and possibly for 
three or more. His first move was to appear before the Guardian 'at 
the head of the Congregation', meaning no doubt during a session of 
the Congregation, who inquired into his principles to discover if he was 
a suitable postulant, if they were satisfied, he 'entered the Covenant' 
(IQS Vi, 13-15). That is to say, he solemnly swore there and ttien to 
adhere to the Torah as the sect interpreted it, vowing 



by a binding oath to return with all his heart and soul to e\«ry 
commandment of ttie Law of Ntoses in accordance with all ttiat has been 
revealed of it to the sons of Zadok... the Keepers of the Cownant. 

(IQS V, 7-9) 

After a further period of unspecifiecl length, during which he received 
instruction from the Guardian 'in aii the ruies of the Community', he 
appeared orxie more before the Congregation, who confirmed him as 
a mvice or dismissed him. But although he was now accepted into the 
Council of the Community, he was nevertheless still not admitted to 
'purity' for another full year. The same rule applied also in the group 
represented by 4Q265 fr. 1 . 

This concept of pure things {tohorah, taharah or tohomt, literally 
'purity' or 'purities') needs some comment. It seems to designate here 
as in rabbinic literature ritually pure food (cf. also 4Q274 I), as well as 
the vessels and utensils in which it is contained or cooked. It includes 
also garments. The tohorot, moreover, are distinguished by the rabbis 
Irom mashqin, liquids, the latter being considered much more 
susceptible to contract impurity than solid comestibles. Hence, in 
ordering the novice not to touch the pure things of the Congregation, 
the Community forbade him all contact with its pots, plates, bowls and 
necessarily the food that they held. He was not, in effect, to attend the 
common table and had to eat elsewhere. Although the context is very 
different, a parallel rule figures in the Temple Scroll (LXIII, 13-14), 
prohibiting a Gentile woman married to her Jewish captor to touch his 
tohorah for seven years. 

During this first year of the novitiate, the newcomer could not share 
the sect's property At a third Community inquiry, he was examined for 
'his understanding and observance of the Law' and, if his progress 
was judged to be adequate, he handed over his money and 
belongings to the 'Bursar of the Congregation', but they were set aside 
and not yet absorbed into Community ownership. During this second 
year, furthermore, the ban on touching the pure things was relaxed, but 
he could still not touch liquids, the 'Dnrk [mashqeh] of the 
Congregation' (IQS VI, 20-21 ; VII, 20; cf. also 4Q284 I). Finally, with the 



second year over, the novice had once more to undergo an 
examination, after which, 'according to ttie judgement of the 
Congregation', he was at iast inscribed among the brethren in the 
order of his ranl< 'for the Law, and for justice, and for purity. Also, his 
property was amaigamated with theirs and he possessed the right 
from ttien on to speal< his mirxl in the Council of the Community (IQS 
VI, 13-23). 

In sum, this strict and extended curriculum fails into two stages. The 
postulant is first brought into the Covenant, swearing total fidelity to the 
Mosaic Law as interpreted by the sect's priestly teachers, and to 
'separate from all the men of injustice who walk in ttie way of 
wicl<edness' (IQS v, 10-11). He then secondly embarks on a course of 
training as a preliminary to joining the 'holy Congregation' (IQS v, 20). 
In other words, entering the Covenant and entering ttie Community was 
not one act, but two. 

It has long been debated whether the Qumran sectaries were 
married or celibate. From the image of their life projected so far on the 
basis of the Community Rule, few will probably disagree that the idea 
of the presence of women among them appears Incongruous. The 
impression received is that of a wholly masculine society: indeed, they 
were actually enjoined not to 'follow a sinful heart and lustful eyes, 
committing all manner of evil' (IQS 1, 6). In further support of the 
argument for celibacy the word ishah, woman, occurs nowhere in the 
Community Rule. Or rather, to be more exact, it Is encountered once in 
the final Hymn, in the cliche, 'one born of woman' (IQS xi, 21). 
IMoreover, against the Cave 4 Damascus Document regulation 
(4Q270 fr. 7), which envisages a membership of married people and 
imposes the penalty of expulsion on anyone murmuring against 'the 
Fathers' but only a ten-day penance for murmuring against 'the 
IVIothers', the Community Rule speaks only of the crime of murmuring 
against 'the authority of the Community" (IQS VII, 17). Silence 
concerning the presence of women seems therefore deliberate. Yet 
the fact cannot be overlooked that although in the main graveyard itself 
the twenty-six tombs so far opened at random (out of 1,100) have all 
contained adult male skeletons, the archaeologists have uncovered on 
the periptieries of ttie cemetery ttie bones of six women and three 



children too (R. de Vaux, Archaeology and the Dead Sea Scrolls, 47- 
8; J.-P. Humbert, Fouilles de Kh. Qumran, 346-52). A more extensive 
exploration of thie cemetery would eliminate most of these 
uncertainties. 

The Damascus Document, the hybrid Community Rule-Damascus 
Document text (4Q265) and the Temple Scroll, as well as the 
Messianic Rule and occasionally the War Rule and MMT, are 
concerned with a style of religious existence quite at variance with that 
at Qumran. In the 'towns' or 'camps', as the Damascus Document 
terms them (CD XII, 19, 23), adherents of the sect lived an urban or 
village life side by side with, yet apart from, their fellow Jewish and 
Gentile neighbours. They had wives and reared children, but clearly 
their sexual morality followed particularly strict rules. A Cave 4 
Damascus Document manuscript lays down that 'whoever has 
approached his wife, not according to the rules, (thus) fornicating, he 
shall leave and will not return again' (4Q270 fr. 7 i). The married 
sectaries employed servants, engaged in commerce and trade (even 
with Gentiles), tended cattle, grew vines and corn in the surrounding 
fields, and discharged their duties to the Temple by way of offerings, 
but in doing so they were obliged like their brothers in the desert to 
show absolute obedience to the Law and to observe the sect's 
'appointed times'. There is no indication, however, that the continual 
and intensive study of the Torah played any part in their lives. Nor in 
their regard is there any mention of instruction in the doctrine of the two 
spirits, as membership of the group was a birthright and not the 
outcome of a process of selection and training. 

How many of these people, if any lived in Jerusalem is not known, 
but they must at least have visited the city from time to time, since a 
statute forbids them to enter the 'house of worship' (possibly the 
Temple) in a state of ritual uncleanness, or to 'lie with a woman in the 
city of the Sanctuary to defile the city of the Sanctuary with their 
uncleanness' (CD I, 22; XII, 1;TSXLV, 11-12). 

Little is revealed in the Damascus Document of how the life span of 
the individual progressed in the 'towns', and for this we have to turn to 
the IVIessianic Rule in the hope that it reflects contemporary actuality 
as well as the ideal life of an age to come. 



According to the latter Rule, members of the Covenant were 
permitted to marry at the age of twenty, when they were estimated to 
have reached adulthood and to 'l<now [good] and evil' (IQSa 1, 9-11). 
For the subsequent five years they were then allowed to 'assist' (as 
opposed to tal<ing an active part) at hearings and judgements. At 
twenty-five, they advanced one grade further and qualified to 'wort< in 
the service of the Congregation' (IQSa 1, 12-13). At thirty, they were 
regarded as at last fuiiy mature and couid 'participate' in the affairs of 
the tribunals and assemblies, taking their place among the higher 
ranl<s of the sect, the 'chiefs of the thousands of Israel, the chiefs of the 
Hundreds, Fifties and Tens, the Judges and the officers of their tribes, 
in all their families, [under the authority] of the sons of [Aarjon the 
Priests' (IQSa 1, 8-16). As office-holders, they were expected to 
perform their duties to the best of their ability and were accorded more 
honour or less in conformity with their 'understanding' and the 
'perfection' of their 'way. As they grew older, so their burdens became 
lighter (iQSa 1, 19). 

As at Qumran, supreme authority rested in the hands of the priests, 
and every group of ten or more was to include a priest 'learned in the 
Bool< of iVIeditation' and to be 'ruled by him' (CD Xiii, 2-3). His 
precedence, on the other hand, is not represented as absolute in the 
'towns', it is explicitly stated that in the absence of a properly qualified 
priest, he was to be replaced by a Levite who would perform all the 
functions of a superior except those specially reserved in the Bible to 
the priesthood such as applying the laws of leprosy (CD Xiii, 3-7). The 
Cave 4 manuscripts of the Damascus Document (4Q266, 269, 272-3) 
describe at length the diagnosis of the onset and eventual cure of skin 
disease. Priests with speech defects, those who had been prisoners 
of war or had settled and been active among Gentiles were 
disqualified from performing priestly duties or eating 'sacred food' 
(4Q266 fr. 5). The Cave 4 version of the Damascus Document 
legislates also on agricultural priestly dues (4Q266fr. 6; 271fr. 2). 

As in the Community Rule, the head of the 'camp' is designated in 
the Damascus Document, as well as in 4QD^ (4Q266 fr. 5 i) and in the 
hybrid 4Q265 fr. 1 ii, as the mebaqqer or Guandian. He appears, 
however, not to be supported by a council. In fact, the words 'Council of 



the Community' are absent from this document apart from the 
transitional 4Q265 frs. 1 ii and 7 ii, where the use of the term is more 
generai in the first case and represents the ideal nucleus of the sect in 
the second. There is reference to the 'company of israei' , on the advice 
of which it would be licit to attacl< Gentiles (CD XII, 8), but this type of 
war council, mentioned also in the Messianic Rule (IQSa 1, 26), can 
surely have had nothing to do with the assemblies described in the 
Community Rule. (The only possible parallel is the 'council of Holiness' 
in CD XX, 24, in which a not strictly observant member was to be 
judged.) The Guardian of the 'camps', in any case, stands on his own 
as teacher arxl helper of his people. He stiall love them, writes the 
author. 



as a father lo\«s his children, and shall canythem in all their distress 
like a shepherd his sheep. He shall loosen all the fetters which bind them 
that in his Congregation there maybe none that are oppressed or brol<en. 

(CD XIII, 9-10) 



The Guardian was to examine newcomers to his congregation, though 
not, it should be noted, to determine their 'spirit', and was to serve as 
the deciding authority on the question of their admission (cf also 
4Q265 fr. 1 ii). These offices are of course already familiar to us from 
the Community Rule. But an additional task of the mebaqqer in the 
towns was to ensure that no friendly contact occurred between his 
congregation and anyone outside the sect. Whatever exchanges took 
place had to be paid for; and even these transactions were to be 
subject to his consent (CD XIII, 14-16). 

Instead of dealing with offenders in Community courts of inquiry, the 
towns had their tribunals for hearing cases, equipped moreover with 
'judges'. These were to be ten in number, elected for a specific term 
and drawn from the tribes of Levi, Aaron and Israel: four priests and 
Levites, and six laymen (CD x, 4-7). They were to be not younger than 
twenty-five and not older than sixty - in the Messianic Rule, which also 
speaks of judges, ttie age-limits are thirty and sixty years (IQSa 1, IS- 
IS) - and were to be expert in biblical law and the 'constitutions of the 
Covenant'. The arrangemerrt would seem, in fact, to be fairly 



straightforward. Yet it is not entirely so. For exampie, it is evident that 
the Guardian was aiso impiicated in iegai matters; he had to determine 
whether a proper case had been made out against a sectary and 
whether it should be brought before the court (CD ix, 16-20), and in 
certain cases he appears to have imposed penalties on his own (CD 
XV, 13-14). The 'Priest overseeing the Congregation' of one of the 
Cave 4 fragments of the Damascus Document (4Q270 1r. 7 i-ii) 
appears to perform the same single judicial function as the Guardian in 
the case of an inadvertent sin. We are not told whether the ten judges 
sat together, whether they were all drawn from the locality in which they 
lived, or whether they travelled as it were on circuit as nowadays. The 
code of law they were expected to administer, as laid down In the 
Damascus Document, differs in content from that of the Community 
Rule. Furthermore, although, unlike the Qumran code, a sentence is 
prescribed only rarely sometimes it is the death penalty We have 
here, in addition to matters relating primarily to communal discipline to 
a large extent identical with the Community Rule, a more detailed 
sectarian reformulation of scriptural laws regulating Jewish life as 
such. 

The first group of statutes, concerned with vows, opens with the 
injunction that in order to avoid being put to death for the capital sin of 
uttering the names of God, the sectary must swear by the Covenant 
alone. Such an oath would be fully obligatory and might not be 
cancelled (CD XVI, 7-8). If he subsequently violated his oath, he would 
then have only to confess to the priest and make restitution (CD xv, 1- 
5). The sectary is also ordered not to vow to the altar articles acquired 
unlawfully or the food of his own house (CD xvi, 13-15), and not to 
make any vow 'in the fields' but always before the judges (CD IX, 9- 
10). He Is threatened with death if he 'vows another to destruction by 
the laws of the Gentiles' (CD IX, 1). As for the right conferred by the 
Bible on fathers and husbands to annul vows made by their daughters 
or wives, the Damascus Document limits it to the cancellation of oaths 
which should have never been made in the first place (CD XVI, 10-12; 
for a somewhat different rule, see TS Llll, 16-LIV, 5). It Is clearly stated 
that no accusation Is valid without prior warnings before witnesses 
(CD IX, 2-3). A record of reported moral failings (4Q477) has already 



been quoted (cf. above, pp. 31-2). 

A few ordinances are concerned with witnesses. No one under tlie 
age of twenty was to testify before the judges in a capital charge (CD 
ix, 23-X, 2). Aiso, whereas the normai bibiicai custom is that two or 
three witnesses are needed before any sentence can be pronounced 
(Deut. xix, 15; cf. also IIQTS LXI, 6-12), a single witness being quite 
unacceptable, unustestis nullus testis, sectarian law allowed the 
indictment of a man guilty of repeating the same capital offence on the 
testimony of single witnesses to the separate occasions on which it 
was committed, providing they reported it to the Guardian at once and 
that the Guardian recorded it at once in writing (CD IX, 17-20). With 
regard to capital cases, to which should be added apostasy in a state 
of demonic possession (CD XII, 2-3), the adultery of a betrothed girl 
(4Q159, fr 224, 10-11), slandering the people of Israel and treason 
(TS LXIV, 6-13), it is highly unlikely that either the Jewish or the Roman 
authorities would have granted any rights of execution to the sect. So 
this is probably part of the sect's vision of the future age, when it as 
Israel de jure would constitute de facto the government of the chosen 
people. 

The penal code of the Damascus Document (4Q270) stipulates 
irrevocable expulsion in the case of a man 'fornicating' with his wife. 
This may refer to illicit sexual relations with a menstruating woman or, 
perhaps more lil<ely, with a pregnant or post-menopausal woman 
since, as Josephus clearly states in connection with married Essenes, 
sex between spouses was licit only if it could result in conception (War 
11, 161). 

A section devoted to Sabbath laws displays a marked bias towards 
severity In time, rabbinic law developed the Sabbath rules in still 
greater detail than appears here, but the tendency is already manifest. 

The sectary was not only to abstain from labour 'on the sixth day 
from the moment when the sun's orb is distant by its own fullness from 
the gate (wherein it sinks)' (CD x, 15-16), he was not even to speak 
about work. Nothing associated with money or gain was to interrupt his 
Sabbath of rest (CD x, 18-19). No member of the Covenant of God 
was to go out of his house on business on the Sabbath. In fact, he was 
not to go out, for any reason, further than 1 ,000 cubits (about 500 



yards), though he could pasture his beast at a distance of 2,000 cubits 
from liis town (CD x, 21 ; XI, 5-6). He could not cook. He could not pick 
and eat fruit and other edible things 'lying in the fields'. He could not 
draw water and carry it away, but must drink where he found it (CD X, 
22-3). He could not strike his beast or reprimand his servant (CD XI, 6, 
12). He could not carry a child, wear perfume or sweep up the dust in 
his house (CD XI, 10-11). He could not assist his animals to give birth 
or help them if they fell into a pit; he could, however, pull a man out of 
water or fire without the help of a ladder or rope (CD xi, 13-14, 16-17). 
Interpreting the Bible restrictively (Lev. xxiii, 38), the secfs lawmaker 
(or makers) commanded him to offer no sacrifice on the Sabbath save 
the Sabbath burnt-offering, and never to send a gift to the Temple by 
the hand of one 'smitten with any uncleanness permitting him thus to 
defile the altar' (CD xi, 19-20). He was also never to have intercourse 
while inthe 'city of the Sanctuary (CD XII, 1-2; 1 1QTS XLV, 1-12). 

The punishment imposed for profaning the Sabbath and the feasts 
in any of these ways was not death as in the Bible (Num. XV, 35), nor 
even expulsion as in the Community Rule. It was seven years' 
imprisonment. 

It shall fall to men to keep him In custody find If he Is healed of his emor, 
they shall keep him In custody for sewn ^ars and he shall afterwards 
approach the Assembly. 

(CD XII, 4-6) 

In the last group, the ordinances appear to be only loosely connected, 
though some of them involve relations with the larger Jewish-Gentile 
world. One such forbids killing or stealing from a non-Jew, 'unless so 
advised by the company of Israel' (CD XII, 6-8). Another proscribes the 
sale to Gentiles of ritually pure beasts and birds, as well as the 
produce of granary and wine-press, in case they should blaspheme by 
offering them in heathen sacrifice. MMT further prohibits acceptance of 
offerings (wheat or meat) by Gentiles (4Q394 frs. 3-7). A ban is 
similarly laid on selling to Gentiles foreign servants converted to the 
Jewish faith (CD XII, 11). But in addition to these regulations affecting 
contacts with rran-Jews, a few are concerned with dietary restrictions. 



Thus: 



No man shall defile himself by eating any live creature or creeping thing, 
fix>m the lar>£ie of bees to all creatures which creep in water. 

(CD XII, 12-13) 

Others deal with the laws of purity (CD XII, 1 6-1 8) and purification (CD 
X, 10-13) and with uncleanness resulting from various sexual 
discharges and childbirth (4Q266 fr. 6 i-ii). Outside the Damascus 
Document, the B section of MMT (4Q394-5), 4QPurities (4Q274, 276- 
7, 284) and the Temple Scroll (11QTS XLV-LI) provide ample 
information on purity matters, including the law relative to the burning of 
the 'red heifer' whose ashes were a necessary ingredient for the 
making of the 'water for (removing) uncleanness' (MMT 4Q394 3-7 i, 
395; 4Q276-7). 

Two types of meeting are provided for, with equal laconism: the 
'assembly of the camp' presided over by a priest or a Levite and the 
'assembly of all the camps' (CD XIV, 3-6). Presumably the latter was 
the general convention of the whole sect held on the Feast of the 
Renewal of the Covenant, the annual great festival alluded to in 4QD 
(266, 270), when both the 'men of holiness' and the 'men of the 
Covenanf confessed their former errors and committed themselves 
once more to perfect obedience to the Law and the sect's teachings. 
According to the available texts, the sectaries were to be mustered 
and inscribed in their rank by name, the priests first, the Levites 
second, the Israelites third. A fourth group of proselytes is unique to the 
'towns', but as has been observed these were Gentile slaves 
converted to Judaism. A further remark that in this order the secf s 
members were to 'be questioned on all matters' leads one to suppose 
that the allusion must be to the yeariy inquiry into their spiritual 
progress mentioned in the Community Rule (CD XIV, 3-6). 

Two Cave 4 manuscripts of the Damascus Document describe the 
expulsion ceremony of an unfaithful member. He was cursed and 
dismissed by the Priest overseeing the Congregation and cursed also 
by all the inhabitants of the camps. Should the latter maintain contact 



with the renegade, they would forfeit their own membership of the sect 
(4Q266fr. 11 ii; 270fr. 7 i-ii). 

Apart from these familiar directions, we learn only that the priest who 
mustered ttie gathering was to be between thirty and sixty years old 
and, needless to say, 'learned in the Book of Meditation'. The 
'Guardian of all the camps', in his turn, was to be between thirty and 
fifty, arxJ to have 'mastered all the secrets of men and the language of 
all their clans'. He was to decide who was to be admitted, and anything 
connected with a 'suit or judgement' was to be brought to him (CD XIV, 
7-12). 

As for the initiation of new members, the Statutes appear to 
legislate for young men reaching their majority within the brotherhood 
and for recruits from outside. This is not entirely clear, but the 
instruction that an aspirant was not to be informed of the sect's rules 
until he had stood before the Guardian can hardly have applied to a 
person brought up within its close circle (CD xv, 5-6, 1 0-1 1 ). 

Of the sect's own young men the Damascus Document writes 
merely: 

find all those who ha\« entered the Co\finant, granted to all Israel for 
e\er, shall make their children who have reached the age of enrolment, 
swear with the oath of the Co\«nant 

(CD XV, 5-6) 

The Messianic Rule is more discursive. There, enrolment into the sect 
is represented as the climax of a childhood and youth spent in study 
Teaching of the Bible and in the 'precepts of the Covenant' began long 
before the age of ten, at which age a boy embarked on a further ten 
years of instruction in the statutes. It was not until after all this that he 
was finally ready. 

From [his] VDuth theyshaii instruct him in the Booi< of IVfedltation and shali 
teach him, according to his age, the precepts of the Ckjvenant. Tfiey [shaii 
beedujcated in their statutes for ten years the age of twenty ^ears [he 
shall t>e] enrolled, that he may enter upon his allotted dut'es In the midst 
of his family(and) be joined to the lioly congregation. 

(IQSa 1, 6-9) 



The newcomer from outside who repented of his 'corrupted way was 
to be enrolled 'with the oath of the Covenant' on the day that he spol<e 
to the Guardian, but no sectarian statute was to be divulged to him 'lest 
when examining him the Guardian be deceived by him' (CD xv, 7-11). 
Nevertheless, if he broke that oath, 'retribution' would be exacted of 
him. The text subsequently becomes fragmentary and unreliable, but 
he is told where to find the liturgical calendar which his oath obliges 
him to follow. 

As for the exact determination of their times to which 
Israel turns a blind eye, behold it is strictly defined in the 
Book of the Divisions of the Times into their Jubilees and 

Weeks. 

(CDXN/l,2-4) 

It should be added here that one big difference between the 
organization of the brethren in the towns and those of the 'monastic' 
settlement is that new members were not required to surrender their 
property. There was none of the volurrtary communism found at 
Qumran. On the other hand, where the desert sectaries practised 
common ownership, those of the towns contributed to the assistance 
of tfieir fellows in need. Every man able to do so was ordered to hand 
over a minimum of two days' wages a month to a charitable fund, and 
from It tfie Guardian and the judges distributed help to the orphans, the 
poor, the old and sick, to unmarried women without support and to 
prisoners held in foreign hands and in need of redemption (CD XIV, 
12-16). 

When the two varieties of sectarian life are compared, we find many 
similarities, especially since the fragments of 4QD and 4Q265 have 
become accessible, but some of the differences still remain striking. In 
the desert of Qumran men lived together In seclusion; In the towns they 
were grouped in families, surrounded by non-members with whom they 
were In Inevitable though exiguous contact. The desert brotherhood 
was to keep apart from the Temple in Jerusalem until the restoration of 



the true cult in the seventh year of the eschatological war; the town 
sectaries participated in worship there. The judges of the towns had no 
counterparts at Qumran. The Qumran Guardian was supported by a 
Council; the town Guardians acted independently Unfaithful desert 
sectaries were sentenced to irrevocable excommunication, or to 
temporary exclusion from the common life, or to suffer lighter 
penances; the penal code concerned with the towns envisages also 
the death penalty (whether actually executed or not) as well as 
corrective custody The common table and the 'purity associated with 
it played an essential role at Qumran; in connection with the towns the 
common meal, but not the pure food, goes unmentioned. Furthermore, 
at Qumran all the new recruits came from outside; in the towns, some 
were converts but others were the sons of sectaries. The desert 
novices underwent two years of training and were instructed in the 
doctrine of the 'two spirits'; the towns' converts were subjected to 
neither experience. In the desert, property was owned in common; in 
the towns, it was not. And last but not least, the desert community 
appears to have practised celibacy whereas the town sectaries 
patently did not. 

Yet despite the dissimilarities, at the basic level of doctrine, aims 
and principles, a perceptible bond links the brethren of the desert with 
those of the towns. They both claim to represent the true Israel. They 
both are led by priests, Zadokite priests according to 1QS, the 
Damascus Document and the Messianic Rule, but not 4QS''(=4Q256), 
4QS^ (=4Q258) and MMT^ Both form units of Thousands, Hundreds, 
Fifties and Tens, both insist on a wholehearted return to the Mosaic 
Law in accordance with their own particular Interpretation of it. They 
are both governed by priests (or Levltes). The principal superior, 
teacher and administrator of both Is known by the unusual title of 
mebaqqer In both cases, initiation into the sect Is preceded by entry 
into the Covenant, sworn by oath. Both groups convene yearly to 
review the order of precedence of their members after an inquiry into 
the conduct of each man during the previous twelve months. Above all, 
both embrace the same 'unorthodox' liturgical calendar that sets them 
apart from the rest of Jewry. 

There can be only one logical conclusion: this was a single religious 



movement with two branches. It does not, however, answer all our 
questions, it does not tell us in particular whether the differentiation 
resulted from a relaxation or from a hardening of the original ascetic 
rules. Neithier are we told wfiether the sectaries of desert and towns 
maintained regular contact among themselves. After all, the history of 
religions furnishes scores of examples of sister sects which turned into 
mortal enemies. Did the Qumran and towns fellowships profess and 
practise unity? A few vital clues suggest that they did. 

One IrKlication of a living relationship between the two groups 
derives from the Qumran library itself. In it were discovered no less 
than ten copies of the Damascus Document and other writings 
reflecting the same form of life. It seems hardly lii<ely that they would 
have figured so prominently among the Qumran literary treasures if 
they had been the rule bool<s of some rival institution. Besides, there 
was no trace of any other booi< in the caves relating to an opposing 
religious faction except perhaps in the shape of rebuttal in IVIIVIT. 
Another pointer towards unity appears in the passage of the 
Damascus Document outlining the procedure for the 'assembly of all 
the camps' and prescribing that the members were to be 'inscribed by 
name' in hierarchical rani<. This clause corresponds exactly to the 
statute in the Community Rule ordaining a yearly rani<ing of the 
sectaries (IQS 11,1 9-23), with a solemn ritual for the Renewal of the 
Covenant (for an analysis of the rite, see pp. 80-81 ). This leads us to 
suppose that the Feast of the Covenant, when the desert brethren held 
their annual spiritual survey was also the occasion for that of the 
towns. Can we go further still and establish that the two ceremonies 
tooi< place, not only at the same time, but at the same place? In effect, 
the literary and archaeological evidence tends to support the theory 
that the 'assembly of all the camps', identical with the yearly assembly 
of the Qumran branch, gathered at Qumran. 

The first clue turns on the qualifications of the mebaqqer of the 
Community Rule and the Damascus Document respectively. As may 
be remembered, the superior at Qumran was required to be expert in 
recognizing 'the nature of all the children of men according to the i<ind 
of spirit which they possess' (IQS 111, 13-14), while the mebaqqeroi 
the towns was to be concerned rather more with a man's 'deeds', 



'possessions', 'ability', etc., than with his inner spirit. When, however, 
the Damascus Document describes the attributes needed of the 
'Guardian of all the camps', what do we find but a reformulation of 
those accredited to the superior of the desert community, that he 
shouid krK>w 'all the secrets of men and all the languages of their 
clans'? It would emerge from this, therefore, that the Guardian of all the 
camps and the Guardian at Qumran were one arKi the same person. 
The next hint comes from the fact that the Damascus Document is 
directed to both desert and town sectaries. As an example, the 
passage from the Exhortation advising men to choose whatever is 
pleasing to God and to reject whatever he hates, 'that you may walk 
perfectly in all His ways arxl not follow after thoughts of the guilty 
inclination and after eyes of lusf (CD 11, 15-16), seems to be 
addressed to celibates. Yet in this very same document we later come 
upon injunctions aimed explicitly at non-celibates: 

And if they live in camps according to the rule of the Land, marrying and 
begetting children, they shall walk according to the Law and according to 
the statute concerning binding vans, according to the rule of the Law 
which savB, Befueen a man and his vwfe and belneen a latierandhis son 
(Num.XX)^ 17). 

(CD VII, 6-9) 

The Exhortation would seem in short to be a sermon intended for 
delivery on a certain occasion to married and unmarried members of 
the sect; and as its theme is perseverance in the Covenant, the 
appropriate setting would be the Feast of the Renewal of the Covenant 
in the third month (4Q266 fr. II; 270 fr 7 i-ii), i.e. the Feast of Weeks or 
Pentecost (see below, pp. 79-80), and the venue, Qumran. 

These literary pointers are supported by two archaeological finds. 
Firstly, the twenty-six deposits of animal bones buried on tine Qumran 
site - goats, sheep, lambs, calves, cows or oxen - have for long 
intrigued sctxjiars. Can J. T. Milik be correct in identifying them as the 
remains of meals served to large groups of pilgrims in the Qumran 
mother-house of the sect (Ten Years of Discovery in the Wilderness 
of Judaea, p. 117)? Naturally, he too connects the gathering with the 



Covenant festival. 

The second archiaeological clue also Is concerned with bones. The 
skeletons of four women and one child, and possibly of two further 
female bodies and those of two children, were found in the extension 
of the Qumran cemetery. Now, if the Renewal of the Covenant was 
attended by sectaries from the towns and their families, this may well 
account for the presence of dead women and children among the 
othen/vise male si<eietons of the graveyard proper. 

Drawing the threads of these various arguments together, there 
would seem to be little doubt not only that the desert and town 
sectaries were united In doctrine and organization, but that they 
remained in actual and regular touch with each other, under the 
ultimate administrative and spiritual authority of the shadowy figure of 
the Priest, of whom we hear so little, and his dominant partner, the 
Qumran Guardian, Guardian of all the camps. Qumran, it seems, was 
the seat of the sect's hierarchy and also the centre to which all those 
turned who professed allegiance to the Council of the Covenant. 



APPENDIX: THE ESSENES AND THE QUMRAN 
COMMUNITY 



The Essenes 

Prior to Qumran, the primary sources concerning the Essenes, a 
Jewish religious community flourishing during the last two centuries of 
the Second Temple era (c. 150 BCE-70 CE), were furnished by the 
Greek writings of two Jewish authors, Philo of Alexandria (That Every 
Good Man Should be Free, 75-91 ; Apology for the Jem, quoted in 
Eusebius, Praeparaf/o evangelica VIII, 6-7) and Flavius Josephus 
{War 11, ^^9S^■, Antiquities XVIII, 18-22), and by the Roman 
geographer and naturalist, Pliny the Elder, who left a short but very 
important notice in La\in (Natural History v, 17, 4[73]). For a more 
detailed account, see Geza Vermes and Martin Goodman, The 



Essenes According to the Classical Sources (Sheffield, 1989). 
Despite the apparent importance attributed to it by Philo, Josephus 
and Pliny, the sect is not explicitly mentioned either in the New 
Testament or in rabbinic literature. There is no general agreement 
regarding the meaning of the group's name: Essaioi or Essenoi in 
Greel<, and Esseni in Latin. The designation may signify 'the Pious', or 
'the Healers', devoted to the cure of body and soul. If the latter 
interpretation is adopted, it provides a parallel to the Greek 
Therapeutai, the title given by Philo to an Egyptian-Jewish ascetic 
society akin to the Essenes (ci.HJP 11, 593-7; Vermes-Goodman, 
The Essenes ... , 15-17). There are a number of other, less well- 
established, explanations. 

The membership of the Palestinian group exceeded four thousand. 
Josephus and Philo locate them in Judaean towns; Pliny refers only to 
a single Essene settlement in the wilderness between Jericfio and 
Engedi. 

Individual congregations, directed by superiors, resided in 
commonly occupied houses. Initiation consisted of one year of 
probation, and two years of further training, leading to full table- 
fellowship on swearing an oath of loyalty to the sect. Only adult men 
qualified according to Philo and Pliny but Josephus reports that boys 
were also trained by them. Serious disobedience resulted in expulsion 
from the order. 

One of the principal characteristics of the Essenes was common 
ownership of property New members handed over their belongings to 
the superiors, who collected also the wages earned by every sectary. 
Agriculture was the main Essene occupation. Having renounced 
private possessions, the members received all that they needed: food, 
clothes, care. Further peculiarities included the wearing of white 
garments; ritual bathing before meals which were given only to 
initiates, and cooked and blessed by priests; the rejection of animal 
sacrifice and of oaths to support their statements, and, above all, of 
marriage. Josephus, however, admits that one Essene branch 
adopted the married state as long as sex was used only for the 
purpose of procreation. 

Theologically, they showed extreme reverence for the Law and were 



famous for their strictest observance of the Sabbath. Their esoteric 
teachings were recorded in secret bool<s. Experts in the healing of 
body and soul, they also excelled in prophecy They preferred belief in 
Fate to freedom of the will and, rejecting the notion of bodily 
resurrection, envisaged a purely spiritual afterlife. 



Essenes and Qumran 

The common opinion identifying or closely associating the Qumran 
sectaries with the Essenes is based on three principal considerations. 

1. There is no better site than Qumran to correspond to Pliny's 
settlement between Jericho and Engedi. 

2. Chronologically Essene activity placed by Josephus in the 
period between Jonathan Maccabaeus (c. 150 BCE) and the 
first Jewish war (66-70 CE) and the sectarian occupation of the 
Qumran site coincide perfectly. 

3. The similarities of common life, organization and customs are 
so fundamental as to render the identification of the two bodies 
extremely probable as long as some obvious differences can 
be explained. 

A good many contradictions appear in the diverse sources and are not 
simply due to a lack of harmony between the Scrolls and the Graeco- 
Latin documents. Thus Qumran attests both communism and private 
property; married and unmarried states. Likewise, Josephus speaks 
of celibate and married Essenes and, as has been noted (p. 38 
above), the prohibition to 'fornicate' with one's wife remarkably echoes 
the married Essenes' ban on marital sex when the woman was not in a 
state to conceive. ^ Furthermore, the Qumran movement incorporated 
two separate branches and the manuscripts reflect an organizational 
and doctrinal development of some two centuries. It would be 
unreasonable to expect complete agreement among the sources. It 
must finally be borne in mind that the sectarian compositions were 
written by initiates for insiders, whereas Pliny and Philo, and to some 
extent even Josephus (although he claims to have undergone a partial 



Essene education), are bound to have reproduced hearsay evidence, 
unlil<ely to echo fully the views and beliefs prevalent among members. 
Hence the identification of Essenism and the Qumran sect remains in 
my view the lil<eliestof all proposed solutions. 



///. The History of the Community 



The absence from the Dead Sea Scrolls of historical texts proper 
should not surprise us. Neither in the inter-Testamental period, nor in 
earlier biblical times, was the recording of history as we understand it 
a strong point among the Jews. Chroniclers are concerned not with 
factual information about bygone events, but with their religious 
significance. In Scripture, the 'secular' past is viewed and interpreted 
by the prophets as revealing God's pleasure or displeasure. Victory or 
defeat in war, peace or social unrest, abundance of harvest or famine, 
serve to demonstrate the virtue or sinfulness of the nation and to 
forecast its future destiny And when prophecy declined in the fifth 
century BCE, it was still not succeeded by a growth of historiography: 
only the memoirs of Ezra and Nehemiah and the retelling of the age- 
old stories of the kings of Israel and Judah in the Books of Chronicles 
belong to the historical genre. It was followed instead by 
eschatological speculation, by apocalyptic visions of the end of time, 
with tlieir awe-inspiring beaste and battles, and by announcements of 
the ultimate triumph of truth and justice in a future Kingdom of God. 

In the Scrolls, the apocalyptic compositions form part of this later 
tradition. On tlie other hand, apart from occasional snippets in a 
liturgical calendar (4Q322, 324), an odd poem alluding to 'King' 
Jonathan (40448), and deductive conclusions made from the 
comparative study of rules, most of the krwwiedge we possess of the 
sect's history originates from works of Bible interpretation. The 
Qumran writers, while meditating on the words of tfie Old Testament 
prophets, sought to discover in tliem allusions to tlieir own past, 
present and future. Convinced tfiat they were living in the last days, 
they read the happenings of their times as the fulfilment of biblical 
predictions. 

Yet all that these non-historical sources provide are fragments. Even 
with the help of the archaeological data from Qumran they cannot be 
made into a consistent and continuous narrative. For an understanding 



of the sect's past as it developed within the larger framework of late 
Second Temple Jewish history, we have to rely principally on Flavius 
Josephus, the Palestinian Jew who became a Greek man of letters, 
and on other Jewish Hellenists, such as the authors of the Books of the 
Maccabees, and Philo of Alexandria, all of whom inherited the Greek 
predilection for recording and interpreting the past and set out to 
depict the life of the Jews of Palestine in itself, and as part of the 
Graeco-Roman world, from the early second century BCE to the first 
anti-Roman war in 66-70 CE. It is only with the help of the wider canvas 
painted by these ancient writers that places can be found for the often 
cryptic historical allusions contained in the Scrolls. 



1 INTER-TESTAMENTAL JEWISH HISTORY: 200 
BCE-70 CE 

At the beginning of the second century BCE, Palestinian Jewry passed 
through a state of crisis. Alexander the Great had conquered the Holy 
Land in 332 BCE and, after the early uncertainties which followed his 
death, it became part of the empire of the Greeks of Egypt, known as 
the Ptolemies. During the third century, the Ptolemies avoided, as 
much as possible, interfering with the internal life of the Jewish nation 
and, while taxes were required to be paid, it remained urKlerthe rule of 
the High Priest and his council. Important ctianges in the patterns of 
population nevertheless took place during this time. Hellenistic cities 
were built along the Mediterranean coast, such as Gaza, Ascalon 
(Ashkelon), Joppa (Jaffa), Dor and Acco, re-named Ptolemais. Inland 
also, to the south of the Lake of Tiberias, the ancient town of Beth 
Shean was reborn as the Greek city of Scythopolis; Samaria, the 
capital city of the Samaritans, was Hellenized as Sebaste; and in 
Transjordan, Rabbath-Ammon (Amman) was re-founded as 
Philadelphia. In other words, Greeks, Macedonians and Hellenized 
Phoenicians took up permanent residence on Palestinian soil and the 
further spread of Greek civilization and culture was merely a matter of 
time. 



With the cxjtxiuest of the Holy Land by the Seleucids, or Syrian 
Greei<s, in 200 BCE, the first signs appeared of Jews succumbing to a 
foreign cultural influence. In the apocryphal Book of Ecclesiasticus, 
dated to the beginning of the second century BCE, its author, Jesus 
ben Sira, a sage from Jerusalem, rages against those 'ungodly men' 
who have 'forsaken the Law of the Most High God' (xli, 8). But the real 
trouble started wtien Antiochus IV Epiphanes (175-164 BCE) officially 
promoted a Hellenizing programme in Judaea that was embraced with 
eagerness by the Jewish elite. The leader of the modemist faction was 
the brother of the High Priest Onias III. Known as Jesus among his 
compatriots, he adopted the Greek name of Jason, and set about 
transforming Jerusalem into a Hellenistic city by building a gymnasium 
there and persuading the Jewish youth to participate in athletic games. 
As 2 Maccabees describes the situation: 

So Hellenism reached a high point with the introduction of foreign 
customs through the boundless wickedness of the Impious Jason, no 
true High Priests a result, the priests no longer had any enthusiasm for 
their duties at the altar, but despised the temple and neglected the 
sacrifices; and In defiance of the law they eagerty contributed to the 
e)f>enses of the wrestling-school whenever the opening gong called 
them. They placed no value on their hereditary dignities, but cared abow 
e\«rylhing for Hellenic tionours. 

(2 Mac. iv, 13-15) 

Jason was succeeded by two other High Priests with the same Greek 
sympathies, Menelaus and Alcimus. In 169 BCE Antiochus IV visited 
Jerusalem and looted the Temple. But when in 167 he actually 
prohibited the practice of Judaism under pain of death and 
rededicated the Jerusalem Sanctuary to Olympian Zeus, the 
'abomination of desolation', the opponents of the Hellenizers finally 
rose up in violent resistance. An armed revolt was instigated by the 
priest IVIattathias and his sons the IVIaccabee brothers, supported by 
all the traditionalist Jews, and in particular by the company of the 
Pious, the Asidaeans or Hasidim, 'stalwarts of Israel, every one of 
them a volunteer in the cause of the Law' (1 Mac. ii, 42-3). Led by 
Judas Maccabaeus and, after his death on the battlefield, by his 



brothers Jonathan and Simon, the fierce defenders of Judaism were 
abie not only to restore Je\/vish worship in Jerusalem, but against aii 
expectations even managed to eject the ruling Seleuclds and to 
liberate Judaea. 

The Maccabaean triumph was, however, not simply a 
straightfon/vard victory of godliness and justice over idolatry and 
tyranny; It was accompanied by serious social and religious 
upheavals. There was firstly a change in the pontifical succession. With 
the murder in 171 BCE of Onlas III and the deposition of the usurper, 
his brother Jason, the Zadoklte family from which the Incumbents of 
the High Priest's office traditionally came, lost the monopoly which it 
had held for centuries. Furthermore, when Onias IV, the son of Onias ill, 
was prevented from taking over the High Priesthood from Meneiaus, 
he emigrated to Egypt and In direct breach of biblical law, which 
authorizes only a single sanctuary in Jerusalem, erected a Jewish 
temple in Leontopoiis with the blessing of King Ptolemy Phiiometor 
(182-146 BCE). His inauguration of Israelite worship outside Zion, with 
the connivance of some priests and Levites, must have scandalized 
every Palestinian conservative, especially other priests wtra belonged, 
or were allied, to the Zadokite dynasty. 

There was trouble also within the ranks of the iVIaccabees 
themselves. The Hasidim - or part of their group - defected when 
Aicimus, whom they trusted, was appointed High Priest in 162 BCE. 
This move on their part turned out to be naive ; Aicimus' Syrian allies 
massacred sixty of them in one day (1 iVIac. vii, 2-20). 

Lastly a major political change came about when Jonathan 
iVIaccabaeus, himself a priest but not a Zadokite, accepted in 153-152 
BCE pontifical office from Alexander Baias, a usurper of the Seieucid 
throne. Alexander was anxious for Jewish support and was not 
mistaken in thinking that an offer of the High Priesthood would be 
irresistible. For the conservatives this was an illegal seizure of power 
But they were even more scandalized by the appointment In 140 BCE, 
following Jonathan's execution in 143- 142 by the Syrian general 
Tryphon, of Simon Maccabee as High Priest and hereditary leader of 
the people by means of a decree passed by a Jewish national 
assembly. 



From then on, until Pompeys transformation of tlie independent 
Jewish state into a Roman province in 63 BCE, Judaea was ruled by a 
new dynasty of High Priests, later Priest-Kings, known as the 
Hasmonaeans after tfie grandfather of the Maccabees, Hasmon, or 
Asamonaeus according to Josephus fWar 1, 36). During the 
intervening years, all Simon's successors, but especially John 
Hyrcanus I (1 34-1 04 BCE) and Alexander Jannaeus (1 03-76 BCE), for 
whom their political role took precedence over their office of High 
Priest, occupied one by one the Hellenistic cities of Palestine and 
conquered the neighbouring territories of kJumaea in the south, 
Samaria in the centre and Ituraea in the north. 

Throughout this period of territorial expansion, the Hasmonaean 
rulers enjoyed the support of ttie Sadducees, one of ttie three religious 
parties first mentioned under Jonathan Maccabaeus (cf. Josephus, 
Antiquities X\\\, 171) and regular allies of the government. They were 
opposed by the Pharisees, an essentially lay group formed from one of 
the branches of the Hasidim of the IVIaccabaean age. Already in the 
days of John Hyrcanus I there was Pharisaic objection to his 
usurpation of the High Priesthood, though they were willing to 
recognize him as national leader (Antiquities XIII, z 88-98), but on one 
other occasion, at least, their opposition was overcome by force. 
Accused of plotting against Alexander Jannaeus in 88 BCE in 
collusion with the Syrian Seleucid king Demetrius III Eucaerus, 800 
Pharisees were condemned by Jannaeus to die on the cross 
(Antiquities xm, 380-83; War 1 , 96-8). 

After Pompeys seizure of Jerusalem, the Hasmonaean High 
Priesthood continued for another three decades, but the political 
power formerly belonging to them passed to the Judalzed Idumaean, 
Herod the Great, when he was promoted to the throne of Jerusalem by 
Rome in 37 BCE. It is to the last year or two of his reign - he died in 4 
BCE - that the Gospels of Matthew and Luke date the birth of Jesus of 
Nazareth (Matth.ii,1;Lk.i, 5). 

After the ephemeral rule of the successor to Herod the Great, Herod 
Archelaus (4 BCE-6 CE), who was deposed by Augustus for his 
misgovernment of Jews and Samaritans alike, Galilee continued in 
semi-autonomy under the Herodian princes Antipas (4 BCE-39 CE) 



and Agrippa (39-41 CE), but Judaea was placed under the direct 
administration of Roman authority. In 6 CE, Coponius, the first Roman 
prefect of Judaea, amved to tal<e up his duties there. This prefectorial 
regime, wtiose most notorious representative was Pontius Pilate (26- 
36 CE), lasted for thirty-five years until 41 , when the emperor Claudius 
appointed Agrippa I as king. He died, however, three years later, and 
in 44 CE the govemment of the province once more reverted to 
Roman officials, this time with the title of procurator. Their corrupt and 
unwise harKlling of Jewish affairs was one of the chief causes of the 
war of 66 which led to the destruction of Jerusalem in 70 CE, and to 
the subsequent decline of the Sadducees, the extinction of the Zealots 
in Masada in 74, the disappearance of the Essenes, arKi the survival 
and uncontested domination of the Pharisees and their rabbinic 
successors. 

It is into this general course of events that the history of Qumran has 
to be inserted. Document by document the Scrolls will be scrutinized 
and the literary information combined, both with the findings of Qumran 
archaeology and with the incidental reports provided by Josephus. In 
the end it is hoped that the history of the Essene sect will begin to fall 
reliably into place. 



2 THE HISTORY OF THE ESSENES 



(a) Concealed References in the Scrolls 

The search for clues to the origins and story of the movement begins 
with the Damascus Document because it is a writing particularly rich in 
such hints. Here, the birth of the Community is said to have occurred in 
the 'age of wrath', 390 years after the destruction of Jerusalem by 
Nebuchadnezzar, l<ing of Babylon. At that time, a 'root' sprung 'from 
Israel and Aaron', i.e. a group of pious Jews, laymen and priests, 
came into being in a situation of general ungodliness. These people 
'groped for the way for twenty years, and then God sent them a 



'Teacher of Righteousness' to guide them 'in the way of His heart' (1 , 
5-11). The Teacher did not meet with unanimous approval within the 
congregation, and a faction described as 'seel<ers of smooth things', 
'removers of the bounds' and 'builders of the wall', all metaphors 
seeming to point to religious laxity and infidelity turned against him 
and his followers. The leader of the breakaway party, though accorded 
a number of unflattering sobriquets, such as 'Scoffer', 'Liar' or 'Spouter 
of Lies', seems to be one and the same person. His associates erred 
In matters of ritual cleanness, justice, chastity, the dates of festivals 
and Temple worship; they were lovers of money and enemies of 
peace. In the ensuing fratricidal struggle, the Teacher and those who 
remained faithful to him went Into exile In the 'land of Damascus' where 
they entered into a 'new Covenant'. There, the Teacher of 
Righteousness was 'gathered in', meaning that he died. In the 
meantime, the wicked dominated over Jerusalem and the Temple, 
though not without experiencing God's vengeance at the hands of the 
'Chief of the Kings of Greece'. 

A similar picture emerges from the Habakkuk Commentary with its 
explicit mention of desertion by disciples of the Teacher of 
Righteousness to the Liar, and also by members unfaithful to the 'new 
Covenant'. The allusions to the protagonists of the conflict are sharper 
in this work than in the Damascus Document. We learn that the villain, 
known in this Scroii as the 'Wicked Priest' as well as the 'Liar' and 
'Spouter of Lies', was 'caiied by the name of truth' before he became 
Israel's ruler and was corrupted by wealth and power (VIII, 8-11)- the 
implication being that for a time he had met with the sect's approval. 
Subsequently however, he defiled Jerusalem and the Temple. He also 
sinned against the Teacher of Righteousness and his disciples, 
chastising him while the 'House of Absalom' looked silently on (v, 9- 
12), and confronting him in his place of exile on the sect's Day of 
Atonement (xi, 6-8). He 'vilified and outraged the elect of God', 'plotted 
to destroy the Poor', i.e. the Community and stole their riches. As a 
punishment, God delivered him 'into the hand of his enemies', who 
'took vengeance on his body of flesh' (IX, 2). At the last judgement, 
predicts the Commentary, the Wicked Priest will empty 'the cup of 
wrath of God'. His successors, ttie 'last Priests of Jeaisalem', are also 



charged with amassing 'money atxl wealth by plundering the peoples', 
I.e. foreigners. But, so the commentator asserts, all their riches and 
booty will be snatched from them by the KIttIm, the conquerors of the 
world commissioned by God to pay them their just deserts. 

Because of lacunae, one cannot be quite sure from the Habakkuk 
Commentary that the Teacher was a priest. The Commentary on 
Psalms (Ps. xxxvll, 4Q171, 173), by contrast, makes this plain. 
Interpreting verses 23-4, it reads: 'this concerns the Priest, the 
Teacher of [Righteousness]'. It further supplies a significant detail by 
assigning to 'the violent of the nations', that Is to say to the Gentiles as 
opposed to the Jews, the execution of judgement on the Wicked 
Priest. Another point of Interest Is that the enemies of the sect are 
alluded to as 'the wicked of Ephralm and Manasseh', I.e. as of two 
distinct factions. They appear also In the Commentary on Nahum. 

In the Messianic Anthology or Testlmonia (4Q175), references 
appear In the final section, borrowed from a Joshua Apocryphon or 
Psalms of Joshua (4Q379 fr. 22 II), to two 'instruments of violence' 
who ruled Jerusalem. They are cursed for making the city a 'stronghold 
of ungodliness' and for committing 'an abomination' In the land. They 
are also said to have shed blood 'like water on the ramparts of the 
daughter of ZIon'. The relationship of the two tyrants to one another 
cannot be established with certainty because of the fragmentary nature 
of the manuscript. They could be father and son. On the other hand, the 
expression 'Instruments of violence' depends on Genesis xllx, 5 where 
It describes the brother murderers, Simeon arxJ Levi, the destroyers of 
Shechem. 

The Nahum Commentary moves on to an age following that of the 
Teacher of Righteousness and the Wicked Priest, as neither of them Is 
mentioned. The principal character here Is the 'furious young iion', a 
Jewish ruler of Jerusalem. He Is said to have taken revenge on the 
'seekers of smooth things', whom he reproached for having Invited 
'Demetrius' the king of Greece to Jerusalem. The attempt failed; no 
foreigner entered the city 'from the time of Antlochus until the coming 
of the rulers of the KIttIm'. The enemies of the 'furious young Hon' were 
'hanged alive on the tree', a familiar Hebrew circumlocution for 
crucifixion. As in ttie Commentary on Psalm xxxvll, the sobriquets 



'Ephraim' and 'Manasseh' are attached to the Community's 
opponents. 'Ephraim' is said to 'walk in lies and falsehood', but 
because of gaps in the manuscript, the description of 'IVIanasseh' is 
less clear. It seems nevertheless that this party included great men', 
'mighty men' and 'men of dignity'. 

The Nahum Commerrtary was the first of the Qumran Scrolls to 
disclose historical names: those of two Seleucid kings, Antiochus and 
Demetrius. But tfieir Identity has still to be determined because nine 
monarchs in all bore the first name, and three the second. Additional 
names figure in various Cave 4 manuscripts of a liturgical calendar 
(4Q331-3): 'Sheiamzion', the Hebrew name of Queen Salome- 
Alexandra, widow of Alexander Jannaeus, who reigned from 76 to 67 
BOB; 'Hyrcanus' and 'John', probably John Hyrcanus ii, son of 
Alexandra and High Priest from 76 to 67 and again from 63 to 40; and 
'Emiiius', no doubt iVI. Aemiiius Scaurus, the first Roman governor of 
Syria from 65 to 62 BCE, who is charged with killing people. Note also 
that the Baiakros of 4Q243 may be the Seleucid usurper Alexander 
Baias. 

A remarkable piece of prayer-poetry (4Q448) refers to 'King 
Jonathan' in connection with Jerusalem and diaspora Jewry. A good 
case has been made out by E. and H. Eshei (IE J 42, 1992, 199-229) 
for identifying him with Alexander Jannaeus, but in my opinion an even 
stronger argument points towards Jonathan iVIaccabaeus as 'King 
Jonathan' (cf JJS44, 1993, 294-300). Also, one of the proposed 
readings of line 9 of the List of False Prophets (4Q339), '[John son of 
Simjon', would provide an allusion to John Hyrcanus I. Finally the 
person called Potlaos - Ptoilas - Peithoiaos (4Q468e) may refer to one 
of two historical figures who lived either in the middle or the end of the 
first century BCE. 

in the Commentaries on Habakkuk and Nahum, the Kittim are 
represented as instruments appointed by God to punish the ungodly 
priests of Jerusalem. The War Rule, however, testifies to a changed 
attitude towards them on the part of the sect by making the Kittim 
appear as the chief allies of Belial or Satan and the final foe to be 
subjugated by the tiosts of the sons of Light. The Rule of War (4Q285), 
although very fragmentary, appears to point in the same direction. 



Several Qumran Hymns reflect the career arxl sentimerrts of a 
teacher, possibly of the Teacher of Righteousness himself According 
to them, he was opposed by 'irrterpreters of error', 'traitors', 
'deceivers', and 'tliose who seek smooth things', all of whom were 
formerly his 'friends' and 'members of [his] Covenant', bearers of the 
'yoke of [his] testimony". In one of them, the reference to a 'devilish 
scheme' is reminiscent of the allusion in the Habakkuk Commentary to 
the visit of the Wicked Priest to the Community's place of exile in order 
to cause them 'to stumble': 

Teachers of lies [ha\« smoothed] Thy people [with words], 
and [false prophets] have led them astray... 
Dieyhave banished me from myland like a bird from its nest.. 
And they, teachers of lies and seers of falsehood, 
have schemed against me a devilish scheme, 
to e)change the Lawengraysd on my heart by Thee 
for the smooth things (which they speak) to Thy people. 
yVid they withhold from the thirsty the drink of knowledge, 
and assuage their thirst with vinegar, 
that they may gaze on thel r strayi ng, 
on theirfbllyconceming their feast-dais, 
on their fall into the snares. 

(IQH XII [formerly IV], 7-12) 

Another Hymn appears to hirrt at the Teacher's withdrawal from society 
and to announce with confidence his eventual glorious justification: 

For Thou, OGod, hast sheltered me 

from the children of men, 

and hast hidden Thy Law [within me] 

against the time when Thou shouldst reveal 

ThysalNationtome. 

(IQH XIII [formerly V], 11-12) 

Some scholars consider these poems autobiographical, i.e. written by 
the Teacher, but this is mere speculation. 

It would be unrealistic, taking into account the vagueness of all these 
statements, the cryptic nature of the symbolism and the entire lack of 
any systematic exposition of the secf s history, to expect every detail to 



be identified. We can, however, attempt to define the chronological 
framework of the historical references and thus be in a position to 
place at least some of the key events and principal personalities within 
the context of Jewish history as we know it. 



(b) The Chronological Framework 

The chronological setting of Qumran history may be reconstructed from 
archaeological and literary evidence. The excavations of 1951-6 date 
the beginning, the terminus a quo, of the sectarian establishment to 
150-140 BCE and its end, the terminus ad quem, to the middle of the 
first war against Rome, 68 CE.™ The literary allusions, particularly the 
identifiable historical names, confirm this general finding. It goes 
without saying, however, that the initial phases of the Community's 
existence must have preceded by some years or decades the actual 
establishment of the sect at Qumran. The first task therefore is to 
examine the Scrolls for indications of its origins. The Nahum 
Commentary implies that a king by the name of Antiochus was alive at 
the beginning of the period with which the documents are concerned. 
This Antiochus, although one among several so called, can only have 
been Antiochus IV Epiphanes, notorious for his looting of Jerusalem 
and the profanation of the Temple in 169-168 BCE. 

More significant as a chronological pointer is the dating, in the 
Damascus Document, of the sect's beginnings to the 'age of wrath', 
390 years after the conquest of Jerusalem by Nebuchadnezzar in 586 
BCE. This should bring us to 196 BCE but, as is well known, Jewish 
historians are not very reliable in their time-reckoning for the post-exilic 
era. They do not seem to have had a clear idea of the length of the 
Persian domination, and they were in addition not free of the 
theological influence of the Book of Daniel, where a period of seventy 
weeks of years, i.e. 490 years, is given as separating the epoch of 
Nebuchadnezzar from that of the Messiah. As it happens, if to this 
figure of 390 years is added, firstly twenty (during which the ancestors 
of the Community 'groped' for their way until the entry on the scene of 



the Teacher of Righteousness), then another forty (the time span 
between ttie death of the Teacher and the dawn of the messianic 
epoch), the total stretch of years anived at is 450. And if to this total is 
added the duration of the Teacher's ministry of, say forty years - a 
customary round figure — ^the final result is the classic seventy times 
seven years. 

Yet even if the literal figure of 390 is rejected, there are still 
compelling reasons for placing the 'age of wrath' In the opening 
decades of the second pre-Christian century. Only the Hellenistic crisis 
which occurred at that time, and which Is recalled in various Jewish 
literary sources from the last two centuries BCE, provides a fitting 
context for the historical allusions made in the sectarian writings (cf. 
Daniel ix-xi; Enoch xc, 6-7; Jubilees XXIII, 14-19; Testament of Levi 
XVII; Assumption of Moses IV-V). Also, it is the Hasidim of the pre- 
Maccabaean and early Maccabaean era who best correspond to the 
earlier but unorganized group as it is described there (cf pp. 51-2). 

As for the terminus ad quern of Qumran history, as this is linked to 
the appearance of the Kittim, we have to determine who these people 
were. In its primitive sense, the word 'Kittim' described the inhabitants 
of Kition, a Phoenician colony in Cyprus. Later the name tended to be 
applied indiscriminately to those living in 'all islands and most 
maritime countries' (Josephus, /\nf/qw/f/es 1, 128). But from the 
second century BCE, Jewish writers also used 'Kittim' more precisely 
to denote the greatest worid power of the day In Maccabees (i, 1; viii, 
5) they are Greeks; Alexander the Great and Perseus are called kings 
of the 'Kittim'. In Daniel xi, 30 on the other hand, the 'Kittim' are 
Romans; it was the ambassador of the Roman senate, Poppilius 
Laenas, brought to Alexandria by 'ships of Kittim', i.e. the Roman fleet, 
who instructed the 'king of the North', the Seleucid monarch Antiochus 
Epiphanes, to withdraw at once from Egypt. The term 'Romans' is 
substituted for 'Kittim' already in the old Greek or Septuagint version of 
Daniel xi, 30. None of these texts is critical of the 'Kittim'. They are 
seen as the ruling force of the time, but not as hostile to Israel. In fact, 
in Daniel they humiliate the enemy of the Jews. It is not till a later stage, 
especially after 70 CE, that they come to symbolize oppression and 
tyranny. 



In the Habakkuk Commentary, the portrait of the Kittim is neutral, as 
In Maccabees and Daniel. (In the Damascus Document they play no 
part; the alien adversary there is the 'Chief of the Kings of Greece'.) 
Feared and admired by all, they are seen to be on the point of 
defeating the 'last Priests of Jerusalem' and confiscating their wealth, 
as they have done to many others before. Such a representation of a 
victorious and advancing might would hardly apply to the Greek 
Seleuclds of Syria, who by the second half of the second century BCE 
were in grave decline. But it does correspond to the Romans, whose 
thrust to the east In the first century BCE resulted in their triumphs over 
Pontus, Armenia and Seleucid Syria, and finally, with ttie arrival of 
Pompey in Jemsalem in 63 BCE, in ttie transformation of the 
Hasmonaean state Into Judaea, a province of the Roman republic. 

Since the Identlficafion of the 'KIttIm' as Romans Is nowadays 
generally accepted, It will suffice to cite a single, but very striking, 
feature In the Habakkuk Commentary to support It. Interpreting Hab. 1 , 
14-16 as referring to the 'KIttIm', the commentator writes: 'This means 
that they sacrifice to their standards and worship their weapons of war' 
(IQpHab. VI, 3-5). Now this custom of worshipping the signa was a 
characteristic of the reiigion of the Roman armies both In republican 
and in imperial times, as Josephus testifies in his report of the capture 
of the Temple of Jerusalem by the legionaries of Titus In 70. 

The Romans, now that the rebels had fled to the city and the Sanctuary 
itself and all around it were in flames, earned their standards into the 
Temple court, and setting them up opposite the eastem gate, there 
sacrificed to them. 

(War VI, 316) 

It Is also worth nofing that the 'KIttIm' of the War Scroll, the final 
opponents of the eschatologlcal Israel, are subject to a king or 
emperor (/T!e/e/(/)). Previously, In the Commentaries of Habakkuk and 
Nahum, they are said to have been governed by rulers (moshelim). In 
sum, therefore, the fime-llmlts of the sect's history appear to be at one 
extreme the beginning of the second century BCE, and at the other 
some moment during the Roman Imperial epoch. I.e. after 27 BCE. 



And this latter date is determined by Qumran archaeology as 
coinciding with the first Jewish war, and even more precisely with the 
arrival of the annies of Vespasian and "Titus in the neighbourhood of 
the Dead Sea in June 68 CE. 



(c) Decipherment of Particular Allusions 



The 'age of wrath' having been identified as that of the Hellenistic 
crisis of the beginning of the second century BCE, the 'root' as the 
Hasidim of the pre-Maccabaean age, and the 'Kittim' as the Romans, 
the next major problem is to discover who was, or were, the principal 
Jewish enemy or enemies of the sect at the time of the ministry of the 
Teacher of Righteousness variously known as the 'Scoffer', the 'Liar' , 
the 'Spouter of Lies' and the 'Wicked Priest' (IQpHab, 4QPs^, CD). 

It is not unreasonable to conclude that all these insults are directed 
at the same individual. It would appear from the Damascus Document 
that the 'Scoffer' and the 'Liar' (cf. also 4QpPs^ POCXVIO) were one 
and the same ('when the Scoffer arose who shed over Israel the 
waters of lies', CD 1 , 14). And we read of the 'Wicked Priest' that he 
was called 'by the name of truth' (1 QpHab VIII, 8-9) at the outset of his 
career, the inference being that later he changed into a 'Liar'. 

Another basic premise must be that the person intended by the 
fragments of information contained in the Scrolls became the head, the 
national leader, of the Jewish people. For although biblical names are 
often used symbolically, Including that of 'Israel', the actions attributed 
to the 'Wicked Priest' make little sense if the person In question did 
not exercise both pontifical and secular power. He 'ruled over Israel'. 
He 'robbed... the riches of the men of violence wfK) rebelled against 
God', probably Jewish apostates, as well as 'the wealth of the 
peoples', i.e. the Gentiles. He built 'his city of vanity with blood', 
committed 'abominable deeds in Jerusalem and defiled the Temple of 
God' (IQpHab VIII). Taken separately, these observations might be 
understood allegorically, but considered together, they constitute a 
strong argument for recognizing the 'Wicked Priest' as a ruling High 
Priest in Jerusalem. 

The 'Wicked Priest', then, was a Pontiff who enjoyed good repute 
before he assumed office. He was victorious over his adversaries at 
home and abroad. He rebuilt Jerusalem (cf. IQpHab VIII, 8-11; 



4Q448). And he was eventually captured and put to death by a foreign 
rival. 

The chronological guidelines established in the preceding section 
locate the period in which this individual flourished between the reign 
of Antiochus Epiphanes (175-164 BCE) and the probable date of the 
foundation at Qumran (150-140 BCE). During that time, five men held 
the office of High Priest. Three of ttiem were pro-Greek: Jason, 
Menelaus and Alcimus. The remaining two were the Maccabee 
brothers, Jonathan and Simon. All the Hellenizers can be eliminated as 
candidates for the role of 'Wicl<ed Priest' since none can be said to 
have enjoyed anything like good repute at the beginning of their 
ministry. Jason and Alcimus fail also because neither was killed by an 
enemy, as implied in IQpHab VIII-IX. Jason died in exile (2 IVIac. v, 7- 
9) and Alcimus in office (1 IVIac. ix, 54-6). The Maccabee brothers, by 
contrast, meet all the conditions. The careers of both men fall easily 
into two stages, marked, in the case of Jonathan, by his acceptance of 
the High Priesthood from Alexander Balas, and In the case of Simon 
by his willingness to become a hereditary High Priest. Both were also 
'instruments of violence' and both died by violence. Jonathan is 
nevertheless to be chosen rather than Simon because he alone 
suffered the vengeance of the 'Chief of the Kings of Greece' and died 
at the hands of the 'violent of the nations', whereas Simon was 
murdered by his son-in-law (i IVIac. xvi, 14-16). A gallant defender of 
Jewish religion and independence, Jonathan succeeded the heroic 
Judas In 161 BCE when the latter fell In battle. But he qualified for the 
epithet 'Wicked Priest' when he accepted in 153-152 BCE from 
Alexander Balas, a heathen usurper of the Seleucid throne who had no 
right to grant them, the pontifical vestments which Jonathan was not 
entitled to wear. Captured later by a former general of Alexander 
Balas, Tryphon, he was killed by him at Bascama in Transjordan (1 
IVIac. xiii, 23). 

Concerning the identity of the 'last Priests of Jerusalem', the 
passion for conquest, wealth and plunder for which they are 
reproached points to the Hasmonaean priestly rulers, from Simon's 
son, John Hyrcanus I (134-104 BCE), to Judas Aristobulus II (67-63 
BCE). There can in particular be little doubt that the 'furious young lion'. 



designated also as 'the last Priest' in a badly damaged Commentary 
on Hosea (4Q167 11 2-3), was one of them, namely Alexander 
Jannaeus. The application to him of the words of Nahum, 'who chokes 
prey for its lionesses', and the report that the 'young lion' executed the 
'seekers of smooth things' by 'hanging men alive', accord perfectly 
with the known story that Jannaeus crucified 800 Pharisees whilst 
feasting with his concubines (cf above, p. 53). 

From this it follows that 'Ephraim', equated in the Commentary on 
Nahum with the 'seekers of smooth things', symbolizes the Pharisees, 
and that if so, 'Manasseh' and his dignitaries must refer to the 
Sadducees. In other words, the political and doctrinal opponents of the 
Essene community, though itself with proto-Sadducaean links on 
account of its priestly leadership as insinuated by MMT, were the 
Sadducees and the Pharisees. 

This division of Jewish society into three opposing groups 
corresponds to the conformation described by Josephus as existing 
from the time of Jonathan Maccabaeus (Antiquities XIII, 171), but the 
new insight provided by the Scrolls suggests that the united resistance 
to Hellenism first fell apart when the Maccabees, and more precisely 
Jonathan, refused to acknowledge the spiritual leadership of the 
Teacher of Righteousness, the priestly head of the Hasldlm. From then 
on, the sect saw its defectors as 'Ephraim' and 'Manasseh', these 
being the names of the sons of Joseph, associated in biblical history 
with the apostate Northern kingdom, and referred to itself as the 
'House of Judah', the faithful South. 

Unfortunately, on the most vital topic of all, the question of the identity 
of the Teacher of Righteousness, we can be nothing like as clear. If the 
'Wicked Priest' was Jonathan Maccabaeus, the Teacher would, of 
course, have been one of his contemporaries. Yet all we know of him 
is that he was a priest (IQpHab 11,8; 4QpPs [XXXVII ii, 15=4Q171]), 
no doubt of Zadokite affiliation, though obviously opposed to Onias IV 
since he did not follow him to Egypt and to his unlawful Temple in 
Leontopolis.il He founded or re-founded the Community He 
transmitted to them his own distinctive Interpretation of the Prophets 
and, if we can rely at least indirectly on the Hymns, of the laws relating 
to the celebration of festivals. The 'Liar' and his sympathizers in the 



congregation of the Hasidim disagreed witli Hm, and after a violent 
confrontation between the two factions In which the 'Liar' gained the 
upper hand, the Teacher and his remaining followers fled to a place of 
refuge called 'the land of Damascus': it has been suggested that this is 
a cryptic designation of Babylonia, the original birthplace of the group, 
or else that 'Damascus' Is a symbolical name for Qumran. The 'House 
of Absalom' gave the Teacher of Righteousness no help against the 
'Liar', writes the Habakkuk commentator (IQpHab v, 9-12), the 
implication being that this was support on which he might have relied. If 
'Absalom' Is also a symbol, it doubtless recalls the rebellion of 
Absalom against his father David, and thus points to the perfidy of a 
close relation or intimate friend of the Teacher. On the other hand, 
since the 'House of Absalom' is accused not of an actual attack but 
simply of remaining silent during the Teacher's 'chastisement', this 
allegorical solution may not be convincing. The allusion may then be a 
straightfon/vard one. A certain Absalom was an ambassador of Judas 
Maccabaeus (2 Mac. xi, 17), and his son IVIattathias was one of 
Jonathan's gallant officers (1 Mac. xi, 70). Another of his sons, 
Jonathan, commanded Simon's army which captured Joppa (1 Mac. 
xiii, 11). 

Meanwhile, even in his 'place of exile' the Teacher continued to be 
harassed and persecuted by the Wicked Priest. In this connection, the 
most important and painful episode appears to have been the Priest's 
pursuit of the Teacher to his settlement with the purpose of pouring on 
him 'his venomous fury". Appearing before the sectaries on 'their 
Sabbath of repose', at the 'time appointed for rest, for the Day of 
Atonement', his intention was to cause them 'to stumble on the Day of 
Fasting'. It is impossible to say, from the evidence so far available, 
precisely what happened on this portentous occasion, or whether it 
was then or later that the Wicked Priest 'laid hands' on the Teacher 
'that he might put him to death'. The wording is equivocal. For 
example, the verb in IQpHab xi, 5, 7, translated 'to confuse', can also 
mean 'to swallow up', and some scholars have chosen to understand 
that the Teacher was killed by the Wicked Priest at the time of the visit. 
On the other hand, we find recounted in the imperfect tense (which can 
be rendered into English as either the future or the present tense): 'The 



wicked of Ephraim and Manasseh ... seek/will seek to lay hands on the 
Priest and the men of his Counoii... But God redeems/will redeem 
them from out of their hand' (4QpPs3 pCXXVII, II, l7-l9=4Qi7G). In other 
words, we neither know who the founder of the Essenes was, nor how, 
nor where, nor when he died. Only writers upholding the most uniikeiy 
Christian identification of the Community claim to be better informed, 
but disagree among themselves. J. L. Teicher thought the Teacher 
was Jesus. For Barbara Thiering Jesus was the Wicked Priest, John 
the Baptist the Teacher; R. H. Eisenman rejects both and prefers 
James the Just, 'the brother of the Lord', as the Teacher of 
Righteousness. Only the sensation-seeking media tiave been taken in 
by their theories. 

it has been suggested that this inability to identify the Teacher of 
Righteousness in the context of the IVIaccabaean period undermines 
the credibility of the reconstruction as a whole. Is it conceivable, it is 
asked, that a figure of the stature of the Teacher should have left no 
trace in the literature relating to that time? The answer to this objection 
is that such writings are to aii intents and purposes restricted to the 
Books of the IVIaccabees, sources politically biased in favour of their 
heroes and virtually oblivious of the very existence of opposition 
movements. Josephus himself relies largely on 1 Maccabees and 
cannot therefore be regarded as an independent witness. But even 
were this not so, and he had additional material at his disposition, his 
silence vis-a-vis the Teacher of Righteousness would still not call for 
particular comment since he also makes no mention of the founder of 
the Pharisees. And incidentally, not a few historians hold that he has 
nothing to say either of Jesus of Nazareth. The so-called Testimonium 
Fiavianum (Antiquities XVIII, 63-4), they maintain, is a Christian 
interpolation into the genuine text o1 Antiquities (though others, myself 
included, think that part of the text is authentic). Be this as it may not a 
word is breathed by him about Hiiiei, the greatest of the Pharisee 
masters, or about Yohanan ben Zakkai, who reorganized Judaism 
after the destruction of the Temple, although both of these men lived in 
Josephus' own century and Yohanan was definitely his contemporary. 

Admittedly ttie various fragments of information gleaned from the 
Dead Sea Scrolls result in an unavoidably patchy story, but it is 



fundamentally sound, and the continuing anonymity of the Teacher 
does nothing to impair it. For the present synthesis to be complete it 
remains now to turn to Josephus for his occasional historical 
references to individual Essenes and to Essenism. 

To begin with it should be pointed out that four members of the 
Community are actually mentioned by the Jewish historian, three of 
them associated with prophecy one of the distinctive interests of the 
Teacher of Righteousness himself. The first, called Judas, is 
encountered in Jerusalem surrounded by a group of pupils taking 
instruction in 'foretelling the future', which probably means how to 
identify prophetic pointers to future events. Josephus writes of him that 
he had 'never been known to speak falsely in his prophecies', and that 
he predicted the death of Antigonus, the brother of Aristobulus I (104- 
103 BCE) (Antiquities XIII, 311-13). A second Essene prophet, 
Menahem, apparently foretold that Herod would rule over the Jews (xv, 
373-8). Herod showed his gratitude to him by dispensing the Essenes, 
who were opposed to all oaths except their own oath of the Covenant, 
from taking the vow of loyalty imposed on all his Jewish subjects. A 
third Essene named Simon interpreted a dream of Archelaus, 
ethnarch of Judaea (4 BCE-6 CE), in 4 BCE to mean that his rule 
would last for ten years (XVII, 345-8). John the Essene, the last sectary 
to be referred to by Josephus, was not a prophet, but the commander 
or strategos of the district of Thamna in north-western Judaea, and of 
the cities of Lydda (Lod), Joppa (Jaffa) and Emmaus at the beginning 
of the first revolution (War 11, 567). A man of 'first-rate prowess and 
ability', he fell in battle at Ascalon (III, II, I9).Z? 

Finally Josephus depicts in vivid language the bravery of the 
Essenes subjected to torture by the Romans. 

The war with the Romans tried their souls through and through by every 
\srietyof test. Racked and twisted, burned and broken, and made to pass 
through every instrument of torture in order to induce them to blaspheme 
their lawgi\«r or to eat some forbidden thing, they refused to yield to either 
demand, nor e\«r once did they cringe to their persecutors or shed a tear 
Smiling in their agonies and mildly deriding their tormentors, they 
cheerfully resigned their souls, confident that they would recei\« them 
back again. 

(War 11, 152-3) 



Since it would appear from tliis passage tliat tlie Romans were 
persecuting not individuals, but a group, it is tempting, bearing in mind 
the archaeologists' claim that the Qumran settlement was destroyed by 
the Romans, to associate it with the story of Essenes captured by the 
Dead Sea. If such a surmise is correct, the sect's disappearance from 
history may well have been brought about in the lethal blow suffered by 
its central establishment during the fateful summer of 68 CE. The fact 
that no attempt was made to recover nearly 800 manuscripts from the 
caves confirms, it would seem, such a reconstruction of the end of 
Qumran and, with the annihilation of its central establishment, of the 
whole Essene movement. 



IV The Religious Ideas of the Community 



The first essays in tlie 1950s on tlie religious outlool< of tlie Qumran 
sect all suffered from a serious defect in that scholars in those days 
tended to envisage the Scrolls as self-contained and entitled to 
independent treatment. Today, with the hindsight of five decades of 
research and with the entire corpus to hand, it is easier to conceive of 
the theology of the Community as part of the general doctrinal evolution 
of ancient Judaism. 

Nevertheless, it is no simple task to follow that development itself, 
the reason being that the systematic exposition of beliefs and customs 
is not a traditional Jewish discipline. In a sense, the Instruction on the 
Two Spirits, incorporated in the Community Rule, alluded to earlier (p. 
28), is an exception, forming the one and only doctrinal treatise among 
ancient Hebrew writings. The theology of Judaism, biblical, inter- 
Testamental, medieval or modern, when written by contemporary 
Jewish authors, is often modelled consciously or unconsciously on 
Christian dogmatic structures: God, creation, human destiny, 
messianic redemption, judgement, resurrection, heaven and hell. Such 
structures may and sometimes do distort the religious concepts of 
Judaism. For example, the interest of the Church in the messianic role 
of Jesus is apt to assign a greater importance to Messianism in 
Jewish religion than the historical evidence justifies, and Paul's 
hostility to the 'legalism' of Israel obscures the Jewish recognition of 
the humble realities of everyday life prescribed by the Law as no mere 
'works' but as a path to holiness walked in obedience to God's 
commandments. 



1 THE COVENANT 

Since the key to any understanding of Judaism must be the notion of 
the Covenant, it may safely be taken as an introduction to Essene 



religious thought. The history of mankitxJ and of the Jewish people has 
seen a series of such covenants. God undertool< never to destroy 
manl<ind again by a flood; in exchange, Noah and his descendants 
were required to abstain from stiedding human blood and, on the ritual 
level, from eating animal 'flesh with the life, which is the blood, still in it' 
(Gen. ix, 1-17). To Abraham, who was childless and landless, God 
offered posterity arxJ a country, provided he led a perfect life and 
marked his body and that of all his male progeny with a visible 
reminder of the Covenant between himself and heaven, circumcision 
(Gen. xvii, 1-14). Again, in the days of Moses the Israelites were 
declared 'a kingdom of priests, and a holy nation' (Exod. xix, 5), God's 
special possession, on condition that they obeyed the Torah, the 
divine Teaching of the religious, moral, social and ritual precepts 
recorded in the Pentateuch from Exodus xx and repeated in the 
farewell discourse addressed by IVIoses to his people in the Book of 
Deuteronomy After the conquest of Canaan and the distribution of the 
land to tlie tribes, the fulfilment of God's promise to Abraliam, the 
Covenant was renewed by Joshua and the Israelites reasserted their 
commitment to their heavenly Helper (Jos. xxiv). From then on, the 
biblical story is one of continuous unfaithfulness to the Covenant. But 
God was not to be thwarted by human unworthiness and ingratitude, 
and for the sake of the handful of just men appearing in every 
generation he allowed the validity of the Covenant to endure. Though 
he punished the sinful and the rebellious, he spared the 'remnant' 
because of their fidelity to it. From time to time, saintly leaders of the 
Jewish people, King David and King Josiah before the Babylonian 
exile (2 Sam. vii; 2 Kings xxiii, 1-3) and Ezra the Priest after the return 
from Mesopotamia (Neh. viii-x), persuaded them to remember their 
Covenant with God with solemn vows of repentance and national 
rededication; but the promises were usually short-lived. This would no 
doubt account for the development of an idea in the sixth century BCE 
of a 'new Covenant' founded not so much on undertakings entered into 
by the community as on the inner transformation of every individual 
Jew for whom the will of God was to become, as it were, second 
nature. 



The time is coming ... when I will make a new Co\«nantwith Israel... This 
is the new Co\enant which I will make with Israel in those da^ ... I will set 
my law within them and write it on their hearts... 

(Jer. XXX/, 31-3; tea. liv, 13) 

It was this same Covenarrt ideology that served as the foutxJation of 
the Qumran Community's basic beliefs. The Essenes not only 
considered themselves to be the 'remnant' of tfieir time, but the 
'remnant' of all time, the final 'remnanf. In the 'age of wrath', while God 
was making ready to annihilate the wicked, their founders had 
repented. They had become the 'Converts of Israel' (cf. CD IV, 2; 
4Q266 fr. 5 i). As a reward for their conversion, the Teacher of 
Righteousness had been sent to establish for them a 'new Covenant', 
which was to be the sole valid form of tfie eternal alliance between 
God and Israel. Consequently their paramount aim was to pledge 
themselves to observe its precepts with absolute faithfulness. 
Convinced that they belonged to a Community which alone interpreted 
the Holy Scriptures correctly, theirs was 'the last interpretation of the 
Law' (4Q266 fr. 11; 270 fr. 7 ii), and they devoted their exile in the 
wilderness to the study of the Bible. Their intention was to do 
according to all that had been 'revealed from age to age, and as the 
Prophets had revealed by His Holy Spirit' (1QS VIII, 14-16; cf. 4Q265 
fr. 7 ii). 

Without an authentic interpretation it was not possible properly to 
understand the Torah. All the Jews of the inter-Testamental era, the 
Essenes as well as their rivals, agreed that true piety entails 
obedience to the Law, but although its guidance reaches into so many 
corners of life - into business and prayer, law court and kitchen, 
marriage-bed and Temple - the 613 positive and negative 
commandments of which it consists still do not provide for all the 
problems encountered, especially those which arose in the centuries 
following the formulation of biblical legislation. To give but one 
example, the diaspora situation was not envisaged by the jurists of an 
autonomous Jewish society. 

Torah interpretation was entrusted to the priests and Levites during 
the first two or three centuries following the Babylonian exile. Ezra and 



his colleagues, the ancient scribes of Israel, 'read from the book of the 
Law... made its sense plain and gave instruction in what was read'. In 
this passage from the Book of Nehemiah viii, 8, Jewish tradition 
acknowledges the Institution of a regular paraphrase of Scripture 
known as Targum, or translation into the vernacular of the members of 
the congregation. When the parties of the Pharisees, Sadducees, 
Essenes, etc., came into being with their different convictions, they 
justified them by interpretations suited to their needs. 

A classic example of idiosyncratic Bible Interpretation in the Scrolls 
concerns a law on marriage. Since no diriectly relevant ruling is given in 
the Pentateuch on whether a niece may marry her uncle, Pharisaic and 
rabbinic Judaism understands this scriptural silence to mean that such 
a union is licit. When the Bible wishes to declare a degree of kinship 
unlawful, it does so: thus we read apropos of marriage between 
nephew and aunt, 'You shall not approach your mother's sister' (Lev 
xviii, 13). Thus a tradition surviving in the Babylonian Talmud is able to 
go so far as even to praise marriage with a 'sister's daughter' and to 
proclaim it as a particularly saintly and generous act comparable to the 
loving-kindness shown to the poor and needy (Yebamoth 62b). The 
Qumran Essenes did not adopt this attitude at ail. On the contrary, they 
regarded an uncle-niece union as straightforward 'fornication', 
interpreted correctly they maintained, the Leviticus precept signifies 
the very opposite of the meaning accepted by their opponents; the 
truth is that whatever applies to men in this respect applies also to 
women. 

MDses said, Vbu shall not approach your mother's sister (i.e. your aunt); 
she is your mother's near kirj (Lev xJiu, 13). But although the laws against 
incest are written for men, they also apply to women. WAien, therefore, a 
brother's daughter uncovers the nakedness of her father's brother, she is 
(also his) near kin. 

(CD V, 8-11) 

The Temple Scroll proclaims clearly this prohibition in proper legal 
terms: 



A man shall not take the daughter of his brother or the daughter of his 
sister for this is abominable. 

(11QTLXVI, 16-17) 

Again, according to the strict views of the sectaries, fidelity to the 
Covenant demanded not only obedience to the Law/, to all that God 
has 'commanded by the hand of Moses', but also adherence to the 
teaching of 'all His servants, the Prophets' (1QS 1 , 2-3). Although not 
expressly stated, this special attention to the Prophets implies, firstly 
that the Essenes subscribed to the principle incorporated Into the 
opening paragraph of the Sayings of the Fathers in the Mishnah that 
the Prophets served as an essential link in the transmission of the Law 
from Moses to the rabbis. 

M3ses recei\«d the Torah from (God on) Sinai and passed it on to 
Joshua; Joshua to the Elders (= Judges): the Elders to the Prophets; and 
the l^phets passed it on to the members of the Great /Assembly (= the 
leaders of Israel in the post-e»lio age). 

(Aboth 1, 1) 

The second inference to be drawn is that the sect believed the 
Prophets to be not only teachers of morality, but also guides in the 
domain of the final eschatological realities. But as In the case of the 
Law, their writings were considered to contain pitfalls for the ignorant 
and the misinformed, and only the Community's sages knew how to 
expound them correctly Properly understood, the Books of Isaiah, 
Hosea and the rest Indicate the right path to be followed in the terrible 
cataclysms of the last days. A simple reading can convey only their 
superficial meaning, but not their profounder significance. The Book of 
Daniel sets the biblical example here when it announces that 
Jeremiah's prediction that the Babylonian domination would last for 
seventy years Is not to be taken literally; the real and final message is 
that seventy times seven years would separate Nebuchadnezzar from 
the coming of the Messiah (Dan. Ix, 21-4). But the Qumran sectaries 
went even further than Daniel. They argued that it is quite impossible to 
discover the meaning without an inspired interpreter because the 



Prophets themselves were ignorarrt of the full import of what they 
wrote. Habakkuk, for instance, was commanded to recount the history 
of the 'final generation', but he did so without having any clear idea of 
how far ahead the eschatological age lay. God 'did not make known to 
him when time would come to an end'. Knowledge of the authentic 
teaching of the Prophets was the supreme talent of the Teacher of 
Righteousness. The surviving Bible commentaries are almost all 
concerned with predictions concerning the ultimate destiny of the 
righteous and the wicked, the tribulations and final triumph of the 
'House of Judah' and the concomitant annihilation of those who had 
rebelled against God. But in addition to this general evidence of the 
subject-matter, the Scrolls directly impute to the Teacher a particular 
God-given insight into the hidden significance of prophecy. He was 
'the Teacher of Righteousness to whom God made known all the 
mysteries... of His servants the Prophets' (IQpHab VII, 1-5). He was 
'the Priest [in whose heart] God set [understanding] that he might 
interpret all the words of His servants the Prophets, through whom He 
foretold all that would happen to His people' (IQpHab 11, 8-10). He 
was the Teacher who 'made known to the latter generations that which 
God had done to the latter generation, the congregation of traitors, to 
those who departed from the way" (CD 1, 12-13). The Teacher's 
interpretation alone, propagated by his disciples, offered true 
enlightenment and guidance. 

Supported in this way by the infallible teaching of the Community, the 
sectary believed himself to be living in the true city of God, the city of 
the Covenant built on the Law and the Prophets (cf. CD VII, 13-18). 
Again and again, the architectural metaphors used In the Scrolls 
suggest security and protection. The sect Is a 'House of Holiness', a 
'House of Perfection and Truth' (IQS VIII, 5, 9), a 'House of the Law' 
(CD XIX (B2), 10, 13); it is a 'sure House' (CD III, 19) constructed on 
solid foundations. Indeed the language used Is reminiscent of Isaiah 
xxviii, 16, and of Jesus' simile about the Church built not on sand but 
on rock (Matth. vii, 24-7; xvi, 18): 

But I shall be as one who enters a fortified city, 
as one who seeks refuge behind a /i/g/j wall ... 



I will [lean on] Thytmth, OmyGod. 

For TTiou wilt set the foundation on rock 

and the fmmewDti< by the measuring-ODrd oijustce; 

and the tried stones [Thou wilt la^^ 

bythe plumb-line [of truth], 

to [build] a mighty [wail] w^ich shall not sway 

and no man entering there shall stagger. 

(1QH XIV [formerly Vl], 24-7) 

Fortified by his membership of the brotherhood, the sectary could even 
carry his notions of solidity and finnness over into his own self so that 
he too became a 'strong tower': 

Thou hast strengthened me 

before the battles of wickedness... 

Thou hast made me like a sfrong tower, a high wall, 

and hast established my edifice upon rock; 

eternal foundations 

serwfor myground, 

and all my rampatis are a tied wall 

which shall not sway 

(IQHxvpbrrneHyVII], 7-9) 



2 ELECTION AND HOLY LIFE IN THE 
COMMUNITY OF THE COVENANT 

In the ideology of the Old Testament, to be a member of the chosen 
people is synonymous with being party to the Covenant. Israel willingly 
accepts the yoke of the Law given on Sinai, and God in his turn 
acknowledges her as His 'special possession' (Exod. xix, 5): 

For \ou are a people holy to the Lord your God; the Lord your God has 
chosen you to be a people for His own possession, out of all the peoples 
that are on the face of the earth ... \bu shall therefore be careful to do the 
commandment, and the statutes, and the ordinances which I command 
you this day. 

(Deut. vii, 6, 11) 



Theoretically, there is no distinction between election de Jure and 
election de facto: every Jew is chosen. But already in biblical times a 
deep gulf is in fact seen to divide righteous observers of the Covenant 
from the wicked of Israel. Though not deprived of their birthright, the 
unfaithful are viewed as burdened with guilt and as such excluded, 
provisionally at least, from the congregation of the children of God. The 
fully developed concept of election is summarized in the Palestinian 
Talmud by the third-century CE Galilean Rabbi Lazar Expounding the 
words of Deuteronomy quoted above, he comments: 

\Mienthe Israelites do the will of the Holy One, blessed be He, they are 
called sons; but when they do not do His will, they are not called sons. 

(Kiddushin 61c) 

Inevitably, for the Qumran Essenes such a notion of Covenant 
membership was far too elastic. Consistent with their approach to 
legal matters, their attitude in regard to the Covenant was that only the 
initiates of their own 'new Covenant' were to be reckoned among 
God's elect and, as such, united already on earth with the angels of 
heaven. 

God has given them to His chosen ones 

and has caused them to inherit 

the lot of the HolyOnes. 

He has joined their assembly 

to the Sons of Heaven, 

to be a Councii of the Community, 

a foundation of the Buiiding of Hoiiness, 

an eternal Plantation throughout aii ages to come. 

(1QSXI, 7-9) 

They insisted, moreover, on the individual election of each sectary. The 
ordinary Jew envisaged errtry into the congregation of the chosen 
primarily through birth, and secondly through the symbolical initiation of 
an eight-day-old male \rfari submitted to circumcision. An Essene 
became a member of either branch of his sect by virtue of the 



deliberate and personal adult commitment of himself. For this reason, 
as will be remembered, even children bom to married members and 
brought up in their sctiools liad to wait until tlieir twentieth birthday 
before they were allowed to make their solemn vows of entry into the 
Covenant. Also, believing in divine forelcrxswledge, they considered 
their adherence to the 'lot of God' as ttie effect of grace, as having 
been planned for each of them in heaven from all eternity They, the 
elect, were guided by the spirit of truth in the ways of light, while the 
unprivileged, Jew and Gentile alike, were doomed to wander along 
paths of darkness. The section of ttie Community Rule known as the 
Instruction on the Two Spirits gives a fascinating description of these 
two human groups, the chosen and the unchosen. 

The IVIaster shall instruct all the sons of light and shall teach them the 
nature of all the children of men according to the kind of spirit which 

they possess ... 

From the God of Knowledge comes all that is and shall be. Before 
ever they existed He established their whole design, and when, as 
ordained for them, they come into being, it is in accord with His 
glorious design that they accomplish their task without change ... 

He has created man to govern the world, and has appointed for him 
two spirits in which to walk until the time of His visitation: the spirits of 
truth and injustice. Those born of truth spring from a fountain of light, 
but those born of injustice spring from a source of darkness. All the 
children of righteousness are ruled by the Prince of Light and walk in 
the ways of light, but all the children of injustice are ruled by the Angel 
of Darkness and walk in the ways of darkness. The Angel of Darkness 
leads all the children of righteousness astray and until his end, all their 
sins, iniquities, wickedness, and all their unlawful deeds are caused by 
his dominion in accordance with the mysteries of God... 

But the God of Israel and His Angel of Truth will succour all the sons 
of light. For it is He who created the spirits of Light and Darkness and 
founded every action upon them and established every deed [upon] 
their [ways]. And He loves the one everlastingly and delights in its 
works for ever; but ttie counsel of the other He loathes and for ever 
hates its ways. 



(IQSIII, 13-IVI) 



Convictions of this l<ind, with their theories of individual election and 
predestination, coupled with a precise knowledge of the boundary 
dividing right from wrong, can lead to self-righteousness and arrogant 
intolerance of the masses thought to be rejected by God. The 
Essenes, however, appear to have concentrated more on the 
blessedness of the chosen than on the damnation of the 
unpredestined. Besides, they could always argue that Jews who 
refused to repent and remained outside the new Covenant were 
responsible for their own doom. 

But the spiritual masters of the Community were doubtless aware of 
the danger of the sin of pride to which their less enlightened brothers 
were exposed and attacked it on three fronts. The Qumran Hymns, 
unlike certain biblical Psalms (e.g. Psalm xxvi) which testify to an acute 
form of sanctimoniousness, never cease to emphasize the sectary's 
frailty, unworthiness and total dependence on God. 

Clay and dustthat I am, 

what can I devise unless Thou wish it, 

and what contri\« unless Thou desire it? 

What strength shall I \r\a\e 

unless TTiou l<eep me upright 

and how shall I understand 

unless by (the spirit) which Thou hast shaped for me? 

(IQH XVIII pbrmeriyx], 5-7) 

Not only is election itself owed to God's grace, but perseverance in the 
way of holiness cannot be counted on unless he offers his continuous 
help and support. 

When the wielded rose against TliyCo\«nant 

and the damned against Thy wonj, 

I said in mysintiilness, 

'I am forsaken by Thy Covenant' 

But calling to mind the might of Thy hand 

and the greatness of Thy compassion, 

I rose and stood ... 



I lean on Thygrace 

and on the multitude of Thy mercies. 

(IQH XII [formerly IV], 34-7) 

Another theme constantly stressed in Essene teaching is that not only 
is God's assistance necessary in order to remain faithful to his Law; 
the very l<nowledge of that Law is a gift from heaven. All their special 
understanding and wisdom comes from God. 

From the source of His righteousness 

Is myjustification, 

and from His man«iious m^teries 

is ttie ligtitin mytieart. 

luVeyes ha>« gazed 

on that which is eternal, 

on wisdom conceaied ifom men, 

on l<nowiedge and wise design 

(hidden) from the sons of men; 

on a fountain of righteousness 

and on a storehouse of power, 

on a spring of glory 

(hidden) fi^m tie assembly of flesh. 

God has gi\en them to His chosen ones 

as an e>«rlasting possession, 

and has caused them to inherit 

the lot of the HolyOnes. 

(IQSXI,5-8) 

The sentiments expressed in tlie IHymns, of love and gratitude and 
awareness of God's presence, represent a true religiousness and 
must liave lielped tlie sectary not to allow his life - governed as it was 
by laws and precepts-to slide into one of mere religious formalism. 

Thou hast upheld me with certain truth; 

Thou hast delighted me with ThyHolySplrit 

and [hast opened my heart] till this day... 

The abundance of (Thy) forgiveness is with my steps 

and infinite mercy accompanies Thyjudgementof me. 

Until I am old Thou wilt care for me; 

for myfather knew me not 

and my mother abandoned me to Thee. 



For Thou art a father 

to all [the sons] of Thy truth, 

and as a woman who tenderly loves her babe, 

so dost Thou rejoice in them; 

and as a foster-father bearing a child in his lap, 

so carBstTiiou for all TTiy creatures. 

(IQH XVII pbrmeriy IX], 32-6) 

Whether the average Essene actually succeeded in fulfilling his high 
ideals, we cannot of course know: experience past and present has 
shown that paths to sanctity devised by organized religion are beset 
with snares. As has been noted earlier (pp. 31-2 on 4Q477), in some 
individual cases, moral shortcomings were actually recorded. But there 
can be no doubt of the sectaries' intention. The aim of a holy life lived 
within the Covenant was to penetrate the secrets of heaven in this 
world and to stand before God for ever in the next. Like Isaiah, who 
beheld the seraphim proclaiming 'Holy holy holy, and like Ezekiel, 
who in a trance watched the winged cherubim drawing the divine 
throne-chariot, and like the ancient Jewish mystics who consecrated 
themselves, despite official disapproval by the rabbis, to the 
contemplation of the same throne-chariot and the heavenly Palaces, 
the Essenes, too, strove for a similar mystical knowledge, as one of 
their number testifies in a description of his own vision of the ministers 
of the 'Glorious Face'. 

The [cherujbim prostrate themsel\«s before Him and bless. ^ they rise, a 
whispered divine VDlce [is heard], and there is a roar of praise. When they 
drop their wings, there is a [whisperejd divine WDice. The cherubim bless 
the image of the ttirone-chariot abo\fi the firmament, [and] they praise [the 
majesjty of the luminous fimiament beneath His seat of glory When the 
wheels advance, angels of holiness come and go. From between His 
glorious wheels there is as itwereafieryMSion of most holyspirits. About 
them, the appearance of rivulets of fire in the likeness of gleaming brass, 
and a work of ... radiance in many-coloured glory mar\eiious pigments, 
clearly mingled. The spirits of the living 'gods' mo\« perpetually with the 
glory of the mar\ellous chariot(s). The whispered \oice of blessing 
accompanies the roar of their ad\snce, and they praise the Holy One on 
their way of return. VUien they ascend, they ascend marwiiously and 
when they settle, ttiey stand still. The sound of joyful praise is silenced 
and there is a whispered blessing of the 'gods' in all the camps of God. 



(4Q40520,ii-22) 



3 WORSHIP IN THE COMMUNITY OF THE 
COVENANT 

In addition to the worship of God offered through a life of holiness, the 
Qumran sectary had more particularly to perform the ritual acts 
prescribed by Moses in the correct manner and at the righit times. The 
earthly liturgy was interxJed to be a replica of that sung by the choirs of 
angels in the celestial Temple. 

To judge from the many references to it, the time elemerrt both 
calendric and horary was crucial. The Community Rule lays down that 
the Community was not to 'depart from any command of God 
concerning their times; they shall be neither early nor late for any of 
their appointed times, they shall stray neither to the right nor to the left 
of any of His true precepts' (IQS 1, 13-15). This injunction asks for 
exact punctuality in regard to the two daily moments of prayer meant to 
coincide with and replace the perpetual burnt-offering sacrificed in the 
Temple at sunrise and sunset (Exod. xxix, 30; Num. xxviii, 4), but it 
demands in addition a strict observance of tfie sect's own liturgical 
calendar. 

He shall bless Him [with the oflering] of the lips at the times ordained by 
Him: at the beginning of the dominion of light, and at its end when it retires 

to its appointed place; at the beginning of the watches of darkness when 
He unlocks their storehouse and spreads them out, and also at their end 
when they retire before the light; when the hea\«nly lights shine out from 
the dwelling-place of Holiness, and also when they retire to the place of 
Qory; at the entry of the (monthly) seasons on the da^s of the new moon, 
and also at their end when they succeed to one another ... 

(IQS IX, 26-x, 4) 

To understand the peculiarity of Essenism in this respect, a few 
words need to be said about the calendar followed by non-sectarian 
Judaism. Essentially, this was regulated by the movements of the 



moon; months varied in duration from twenty-nine to thirty days and the 
year consisted of twelve months of 354 days. Needless to say, such a 
lunar year does not con-espond to the four seasons determined by the 
movements of the sun In terms of solstices and equinoxes. The 
shortfall of about ten days between the lunar and the solar years was 
therefore compensated for by means of 'irrtercalation', i.e. by Inserting 
after Adar (February/IVIarch), the twelfth month of the year, a 
supplementary 'Second Adar' at the end of every thlrty-sIx lunar 
months. 

The Qumran sect rejected this seemingly artificial system and 
adopted instead a chronological reckoning, probably of priestly origin, 
based on the sun, a practice attested also in the Book of Jubilees and 
1 Enoch, and fully laid out In the remains of a series of calendrlcal 
documents (4Q320-30). The outstanding feature of this solar calendar 
was its absolute regularity in that, instead of 354 days, not divisible by 
seven, It consisted of 364 days, I.e. fifty-two weeks precisely Each of 
Its four seasons was thirteen weeks long divided into three months of 
thirty days each, plus an additional 'remembrance' day (IQS x, 5) 
linking one season to another (13x7 = 91 = 3 x 30 + I). In tune In this 
way with the 'laws of the Great Light of heaven' (IQH XII, 5) and not with 
the 'festivals of the nations' (4QpHos=4Q171 11, 16), Qumran saw Its 
calendar as corresponding to 'the certain law from the mouth of God' 
(IQH XX [formerly XII], 9). Its unbroken rhythm meant furthermore that the 
first day of the year and of each subsequent season always fell on the 
same day of the week. For the Essenes this was Wednesday, since 
according to Genesis i, 14-19, It was on the fourth day that the sun and 
the moon were created. Needless to add, the same monotonous 
sequence also implied that all the feasts of the year always fell on the 
same day of the week: Passover, the fifteenth day of the first month, 
was always celebrated on a Wednesday; the Feast of Weeks, the 
fifteenth day of the third month, always on a Sunday; the Day of 
Atonement, the tenth day of the seventh month, on a Friday; the Feast 
of Tabernacles, the fifteenth day of the seventh month, on a 
Wednesday etc. This solar calendar with Its eternal regularity cannot 
of course stand up to the astronomical calculation of 365 days 5 hours 
48 minutes and 48 seconds to the year, but the Scrolls so far 



published give no indication of how the Essenes proposed to cope 
with this inconvenience, or whether indeed they were even aware of it. 

One practical consequence of the sect's adherence to a calendar at 
variance with that of the rest of Judaism was that its feast-days were 
worl<ing days for other Jews and vice versa. The Wicl<ed Priest was 
thus able to travel (journeys of any distance being forbidden on holy 
days of rest) to the 'place of exile' of the Teacher of Righteousness 
while he arxl his followers were celebrating the Day of Atonement (cf. 
above, p. 55). In fact, it is likely that the persecutors of the sect 
deliberately chose that date to oblige the sectaries to attend to them 
on what they considered to be their 'Day of Fasting' and 'Sabbath of 
repose', and thus 'confuse them and cause them to stumble'. The 
same sort of story is told in the Mishnah of the Patriarch Gamaliel II, 
who endeavoured to humiliate Rabbi Joshua ben Hananiah by sending 
him the following instruction: 'I charge you that you come to me with 
your staff and your money on the Day of Atonement according to your 
reckoning' (Rosh ha-Shanah II, 9). 

Another peculiarity of the liturgical calendar of the Community, 
attested in the Temple Scroll, was the division of the year into seven 
fifty-day periods - hence the name pentecontad calendar - each 
marked by an agricultural festival, e.g. the Feast of New Wine, the 
Feast of Oil, etc. A similar system is mentioned by Philo in connection 
with the Therapeutae in his book. On the Contemplative Life. One of 
these festivals, the Feast of the New Wheat, coincided with the Feast 
of Weeks and was for the Essenes/Therapeutae also the principal holy 
day of the year, that of the Renewal of the Covenant, the importance of 
which is discussed above (p. 44). From the Book of Jubilees, where, 
as has been said, the same calendar is followed, it is clear that 
Pentecost (the Feast of Weeks), together with the Feast of the 
Renewal of the Covenant, were celebrated on the fifteenth day of the 
third month (Jub. VI, 17-19; cf also 4Q266 fr. II ii; 270 fr. 7 ii). An 
outline of the ceremony performed on this holy day, with its confession 
of sin and its blessings and curses, is preserved in the Community 
Rule (IQS I, 16-11, 25; cf also 4Q280, 286-7). The sectaries assemble 
for the service in strict hierarchical order: the priests first, ranked in 
order of status, after ttiem the Levites, and lastly 'all ttie people one 



after another in their Thousands, Hundreds, Fifties and Tens, that every 
Israelite may know his place in the Community of God according to the 
everlasting design' (IQS 11, 22-3). Blessing God, the priests then 
recite his acts of loving-kindness to Israel and the Levites recall Israel's 
rebellions against him. This recognition of guilt is fbllowed by an act of 
public repentance appropriate to a community of converts. 

V\fe ha\fi straied! We have [disobeyed!] V\te and our fathers before us have 
sinned and acted wickedly in wail<ing [counter to the precepts] of truth and 
righiteousness. [Aid God hias] judged us and our lathers aiso; but He has 
bestowed His bountifui mercy on us from ewrlasting to e\«riasting. 

(IQS I, 24-11, 1) 

After the confession, the priests solemnly bless the converts of Israel, 
calling down on them in particular the gifts of wisdom and knowledge : 

May He biess y^u with all good and present you from all evil! May He 
lighten yDur heart with iife-giving wisdom and grant yDU eternai l^nowledgel 
h/by He raise His merciful face towards y^u tor everlasting bliss! 

(IQS II, 2-4) 

This paraphrase of the blessing of Israel which God commanded 
IVIoses to transmit to Aaron and his sons in Numbers vi, 24-6, and 
which recalls the fourth of the daily Eighteen Benedictions of traditional 
Judaism, is accompanied by a Levitical curse of the party of Belial and 
a special malediction directed by both priests and Levites at any 
sectary whose conversion may be insincere: 

Cursed be the man who enters this Co\«nant while walking among the 
idols of his heart, who sets up before himself his stumbling-block of sin 
so that he may backslide! Hearing the words of this Covenant he blesses 
himself in his heart and says, 'Peacebewithme,e\«n though I walk in the 
stubbornness of my heart'... 

(IQS II, 11-12) 

The Cave 4 sources of the Damascus Document depict also tfie ritual 



of dismissal from the Community. The Priest overseeing the 
Congregation, addressing God, declares: 

Thou hast cursed those who transgress (the boundary) but we 
maintain it. 

Thereupon 'the dismissed man shall leave arxl whoever eats from 
what is his or greets the man who has been dismissed, and agrees 
with him, ... his judgement shall be complete' (4Q266 fr. 11 III; 270 fr. 7 
11). 

Each benediction arKi curse is approved by the wtxjle congregation 
with a twice repeated 'Amen'. 

The ceremony of the Renewal of the Covenant seems to be the only 
rite described in any detail in the Community Rule and the Damascus 
Document, but as the Essenes laid so much emphasis on the full and 
punctilious observance of the Law of Moses it may be tal<en for 
granted that they did not omit the many other basic acts of Jewish 
religion arxl worship. The fact that ttie Community Rule is satisfied 
simply to state without any specification thiat a single deliberate 
transgression of the Mosaic Law would entail irrevocable expulsion 
from the sect implies that the elite sectaries subject to this rule did not 
need detailed guidance: they were supposed to be fully versed in the 
Torah. Legislation addressed to less well-trained members, contained 
in the Damascus Document and in the Temple Scroll, is more 
discursive. Circumcision, for example, which was certainly practised, 
is mentioned in connection with female uncleanness after childbirth 
when Leviticus xii, 3 is cited in passing (4Q266 fr. 6 ii). It is also 
referred to figuratively in the context of severing ttie 'foreskin of the evil 
inclination' (IQS v, 5), or possibly and by implication as the 'Covenant 
of Abraham' mentioned in connection with (Gentile) man-servants (CD 
XII, II; XVI, 6). The laws of purity were also assuredly essential to the 
sect, and some practical guidance is given in IIQTS XLVI-LI, 4Q274- 
84, and MMT. Tine dietary iaws are dealt with in the Damascus 
Document, MMT and the Temple Scroll. For instance, the eating of 
'live creatures' (e.g. iarvae of bees, fish and locusts) is declared to be 
prohibited in CD XII, 11-15. MMT states tliat a live animai foetus must 
be slaughtered before becoming fit for consumption (4Q396 frs. 1 -21 ). 



Further laws appear in the Temple Scroll XLVII-XLVIII. Josephus also 
remarks that an Essene was fbrt)iclden to eat food prepared by people 
not belonging to the brotherhood (War^^ , 143). 

On three other topics, the Qumran sources are less taciturn: ritual 
ablutions, Temple worship and the sacred meal. Discussed already as 
part of the life of the sect, it remains now to consider the doctrinal 
significance of these rites. 

Josephus, as will be recalled, observes that the Essenes took a 
ritual bath twice dally before meals (cf. War 11, 129, 132). 4Q414- 
entitied 'Baptismal llturg/ - deals definitely with such a bathing ritual 
but the text is so mutilated that no readable translation is possible. As 
regards the bath itself, the Damascus Document adds that the 
minimum quantity of clean water required for a valid act of purification 
was to be the amount necessary to cover a man (CD x, 12-13). This is 
not of course an Essene invention, but typically where the IVlishnah 
prescribes a minimum of forty seahs (about 120 gallons), the sect's 
teaching concentrates on the practical purpose of the IVlishnaic rule, 
namely that 'in them men may Immerse themselves' (Mikwaot VII, I), 
and eliminates the obligation of having carefully to measure out what 
that quantity should be. Of greater interest, however, is the theological 
aspect, with its insistence on a correlation between the inner condition 
of a man and the outer rite. The wicked, according to the Community 
Rule, 'shall not enter the water ... for they shall not be cleansed unless 
they turn from their wickedness' (IQS v, 13-14). True purification 
comes from the 'spirit of holiness' and true cleansing from the 'humble 
submission' of the soul to all God's precepts. 

For it is tiirougii tiie spirit of true counsel concerning tlie wa>s of man thiat 
all his sins shall be expiated ... He shall be cleansed from all his sins by 
the spirit of holiness ... and his Iniquity shall be expiated by the spirit of 
uprightness and humility when his flesh Is sprinkled with purifying 
water and sanctified by cleansing water, it shall be made dean by the 
humble submission of his soui to aii the precepts of God. 

(IQS III, 6-9) 

The second issue has to do with the sect's attitude towards the 
Temple and Temple sacrifice. While some Essenes, notwithstanding 



their vow of total fidelity to the Law of Moses, rejected the validity of the 
Sanctuary and refused to participate (temporarily) in its rites (cf. Philo, 
Omnis probus 75; Josephus, Antiquities XVIII, 1 9), they evaded the 
theological dilemma in which this stand might have placed them by 
contending that until the rededication of the Temple, the only true 
worship of God was to be offered in their establishment. The Council 
of the Community was to be the 'Most Holy Dwelling for Aaron' where, 
'without the flesh of holocausts and the fat of sacrifice', a 'sweet 
fragrance' was to be sent up to God, and where prayer was to serve 
'as an acceptable fragrance of righteousness' (IQS VIII, 8-9; IX, 4-5). 
The Community itself was to be the sacrifice offered to God in 
atonement for Israel's sins (IQS VIII, 4-5; 4Q265 fr. 7 ii). 

Besides this evidence in the Community Rule, the equation of the 
Council of the Community with the Temple also appears in the 
Habakkuk Commentary (XII, 3-4) in a most interesting interpretation of 
the word 'Lebanon'. Traditionally 'Lebanon' is understood by ancient 
Jewish interpreters to symbolize 'the Temple'. For example, 
Deuteronomy iii, 25, 'Let me go over ... and see ... that goodly 
mountain and Lebanon', is rendered in Targum Onkelos as, 'Let me 
go over ... and see ... that goodly mountain and the Temple'. The 
Qumran commentator, explaining the Habakkuk text, 'For the violence 
done to Lebanon shall overwhelm you' (Hab. 11, 17), proceeds from 
the belief that the Council of the Community is the one valid Temple. 
He then sets out to prove it by directly associating Lebanon with the 
Council in the conviction that the traditional exegesis will be familiar to 
all his readers: Lebanon = Temple. Temple = Council of the 
Community, ergo Lebanon = Council of the Community.Z^ 

The symbolical approach of the sect to sacrificial worship may 
account for Essene celibacy (where it was practised). Sexual 
abstinence was imposed on those participating in the Temple 
services, both priests and laymen; no person who had sexual 
intercourse (or an involuntary emission, or even any physical contact 
with a menstruating woman) could lawfully take part. More importantly 
still, bearing in mind the central place occupied by prophecy in Essene 
doctrine, clear indications exist in inter-Testamental and rabbinic 
literature that a similar renunciation was associated with the prophetic 



state. Thus Moses, in order always to be ready to hear the voice of 
God, is said by Philo to tiave cleansed himself of 'all calls of mortal 
nature, food, drink, and intercourse with women' (Life of Moses 1 1 , 68- 
9). Consequently, despite the attempt made by Philo and by Josephus 
to attribute the sect's celibacy to misogyny, a more reasonable 
explanation would be that it was thought that lives intended to be wholly 
consecrated to worship and wholly preoccupied with meditation on 
prophecy should be kept wholly, and not just intermittently, pure. 

The common table of the Essenes, the third special cultic subject to 
be examined, has already been discussed in Chapter II (p. 32), but 
one remaining point needs to be mentioned, namely that since the 
rules relating to the daily meal and the messianic meal are the same, it 
is not unreasonable to infer from the New Testament parallel that the 
former was thought to prefigure the latter As is well known, the 
evangelist Matthew portrays the Last Supper as the prototype of the 
great eschatological feast, quoting Jesus as saying: 

I tell >ou, I shall not drink again of this frultof the vine until that day when 
I drink it new with you in my Father's Kingdom. 

(Matth. XXV/, 29) 



4 FUTURE EXPECTATIONS IN THE COMMUNITY 
OF THE COVENANT 

The Essene sect was bom into a world of eschatological ferment, of 
intense expectation of the end foretold by the Prophets. Using biblical 
models as vehicles for their own convictions, the Teacher of 
Righteousness and the Community's sages projected an image of the 
future which is elaborate and colourful, but which cannot always be fully 
comprehended by us, partly because some of the associations 
escape us, and partly because of gaps in the extant texts. They 
foresaw in their Community's story the fulfilment of the prophetic 
expectations concerning the salvation of the righteous. It was from their 
ranks, swollen by the re-conversion of some of the 'Simple of Ephraim' 



(4QpNah=4Q1 69 III, 4-5) who had caused such distress by their 
previous apostasy, and by ottier Jewish recruits (IQSa I, 1-5; cf. also 
4Q471 % that the sons of Light would go to battle against the sons of 
Darkness. The Community or the 'exiles of the desert' would move to 
Jerusalem after a preliminary attack on the 'army of Belial', symbolized 
by the 'ungodly of the Covenant' and their foreign allies from the 
environs of Judaea, and an assault on the KIttIm occupying the Holy 
Land. These events were expected to cover a period of six years. The 
seventh, the first sabbatical year of the War, would see the restoration 
of Temple worship. 

Of the remaining thirty-three years of Its duration, four would be 
sabbatical years, so the War would be waged during twenty-nine: 
against the 'sons of Shem' for nine years, against the 'sons of Ham' for 
ten years, and against the 'sons of Japheth' for another ten years (IQM 
l-ll). The final confiict would end with the total defeat of the 'King of the 
KIttIm' and of Satan's hosts, and with the joyful celebrations of the 
Hero, I.e. God, by the victorious sons of Light. 

[Rise up, O Hero! 

Lead offTlnycapti\«s, OGIorious One! 

Gather up] "Riyspoils, OAjthorof mightydeeds! 

Lay Thy hand on the neck of Thine enemies 

and Thyfeet [on the pile of the slain! 

Smite tile nations. Thine ad>«rsaries], 

and dewDur the flesh of ttie sinnerwith Tliysword! 

Rll Thyland witti glory 

and Thine intieritance witti blessing! 

[Let there be a multitude of catUe in Thyfields, 

and in] Thy palaces 

[sil\«rand gold and precious stones]! 



OZion, rejoice greatly! 

Rejoice all you cities of Judah! 

[Keep yaur gates evsr open 

thatttie] hosts of the nations 

[maybe bnought in]! 

Their kings shall sene you 

and all yDur oppressors shall bow down before ^u; 

[theyshall lick the dust of yourfeet. 

Shout for joy, Odaughters of] my people! 



Deck yDursel\«s with glorious jewels 
[and rule o\/er the kingdom of the nations! 
So\«reigntyshall be to the Lord] 
and e\«riasting dominion to Israel. 

(IQMXIX, 2-8) 

Such was to be the course of the War in its earthly dimensions. But it 
would possess in addition a cosmic quality. The hosts of the sons of 
Light, commanded by the 'Prince of the Congregation', were to be 
supported by the angelic armies ied by the 'Prince of Light', also 
known in the Scrolls as the archangel IVIichael or Melchizedek. 
Similarly, the 'ungodly of the Covenant' arKi their Gentile associates 
were to be aided by the demonic forces of Satan, or Belial, or 
Melkiresha'. These two opposing camps were to be evenly matched, 
and God's intervention alone would bring about the destruction of evil 
(IQM XVIII, 1-3). Elsewhere the grand finale is represented as a 
judgement scene in which the heavenly prince Melchizedek 
recompenses 'the Holy Ones of God' and executes 'the vengeance of 
the judgements of God' over Belial and his lot (IIQMelch II, 9, 13). Yet, if 
my interpretation of another non-messianic composition (40246) is 
correct, the symbolical opponent, usurping in this writing the title 'son 
of God' and 'son of the Most High', is said to be overcome by 'the 
people of God' ready to establish with the help of the Great God an 
eternal kingdom. 

The role of the priests and Levites in this imaginary ultimate 
grappling of good with evil, as described in the War Scroll, emerges 
as that of norvcombatants, performing various battle rituals and 
directing the various war activities (advance, retreat, ambush, etc.). 
However, it is more difficult to determine the function of the 
commander-in-chief, the so-called 'Prince of the Congregation'. We 
learn that on his shield will be inscribed his name, the names of Israel, 
Levi and Aaron, and those of the twelve tribes and their chiefs (IQM v, 
1 -2); but little room appears to be left in the War Rule for him to act as 
the Royal Messiah. God himself Is the supreme agent of salvation and 
after him in importance is Michael. 

In some other Scrolls, by contrast, the theme of Messianism is more 



prominent. Complex and sui generis, it envisages sometimes one 
messianic figure, royai, Davidic, triumphant (4Q285, 4Q161, and tlie 
Damascus Document speai<ing of tine Messiali - in tlie singular, cf. 
4Q266 fr. 11 1, 12 - of Aaron and Israel), again and again two, and 
once possibly even three IVIessiahs. The lay King-Messiah, otherwise 
known as the 'Branch of David', the 'Messiah of Israel', the 'Prince of 
[all] the Congregation' and the 'Sceptre', was to usher in, according to 
the sect's book of Blessings, 'the Kingdom of his people' and 'bring 
death to the ungodly" and defeat '[the kings of the] nations' (IQSb v, 21 , 
25, 28). The recently and groundlessly advanced theory that 'the Prince 
of the Congregation, Branch of David' of 4Q285 is a suffering and 
executed Messiah is contradicted both by the immediate context and 
the broader exegetical framework of Isaiah x, 34-xi, I on which 4Q285 
depends (cf 4Q161,frs. 8-10; IQSb v, 20-29). As befits a priestly sect, 
however, the Priest-Messiah comes first in the order of precedence; 
he is also called the 'Messiah of Aaron', the 'Priest', the 'Interpreter of 
the Law' (cf. IQSa II, 20). The King-Messiah was to defer to him and to 
the priestly authority in general in all legal matters: 'As they teach him, 
so shall he judge' (4Qplsa=4Q161 frs. 8-11, 1.23). The 'Messiah of 
Aaron' was to be the final Teacher, 'he who shall teach righteousness 
at the end of days' (CD VI, II). But he was also to preside over the 
battle liturgy (IQM xv, 4; XVI, 13; XVIII, 5) and the eschatological 
banquet (IQSa II, 12-21). It seems that there are some allusions 
suggesting that the eschatological High Priest was expected to 
undergo suffering and humiliation before being glorified (see4Q4lb, 
491 fr. II, 541, fr. 9). 

The third figure, 'the Prophet', is mentioned directly though briefly 
only orK:e: we are told that his arrival was expected together with that 
of the Messiahs of Aaron and Israel (IQS Ix, II). The whole messianic 
phrase Is absent, however, from all the extant 4Q manuscripts of the 
Community Rule. Viewed in the context of inter-Testamental Jewish 
ideas, the Prophet was to be either an Elijah returned as a precursor 
of the Messiah (Mai. iv, 5; 1 Enoch xc, 31, 37; Matth. xi, 13; xvii, 12), or 
as a divine guide sent to Israel In the final days (I Mac. Iv, 46; xlv, 41 ; 
Jn. I, 21), no doubt Identical with 'the Prophet' promised by God to 
Moses ('I will raise up for them a prophet like you ... He shall convey all 



my commands to them', Deut xviii, 15-18; cf. Acts iii, 22-3; vii, 37). An 
identification of 'the Prophet' with a 'new Moses' is supported by the 
inciusion of the Deuteronomy passage in the Messianic Anthology or 
Testimonia from Cave 4 (4Q175) as the first of three messianic proof- 
texts, the second being Balaam's prophecy conceming the Star to rise 
out of Jacob (Num. xxiv, 15-17), and the third, the blessing of Levi by 
Moses (Deut. xxxiii, II), prefiguring respectively the royai Messiah and 
the Priest-Messiah. 

if it is proper to deduce from these not too explicit data that, if ever 
expected by the Qumran sect, the messianic Prophet (or prophetic 
Messiah) was to teach the truth revealed on the eve of the 
establishment of the Kingdom, it would follow that his part was to all 
intents and purposes the same as that attributed by the Qumran 
Essenes to the Teacher of Righteousness. If this is correct, it would not 
be unreasonable to suggest that at some point of the sect's history the 
coming of the Prophet was no longer expected; he was believed to 
have already appeared in the person of the Teacher of Righteousness. 

The evidence available does not permit categorical statements on 
the sectaries' views about what was to follow the days of the 
Messiahs. Some kind of metamorphosis was awaited by them, as is 
clear from the Community Rule - 'until the determined end, and until the 
Renewal' (IQS IV, 25). But one cannot be sure that it was understood 
as synonymous with the new creation of the Apocalypses of Ezra (vii, 
75) and Baruch (xxxii, 6). Similarly the 'new Jerusalem' described in 
various manuscripts (cf. IQ32; 2Q24; 4Q554-555; 5Q15; 11Q18) does 
not match by definition the Holy City descending from above of I Enoch 
(xc, 28-9) or Revelation xxi, but could be an earthly city rebuilt 
according to the plans of angelic architects. 

As for the afterlife proper, and the place it occupied in Essene 
thought, for many centuries in the biblical age Jews paid little attention 
to this question. They believed with most peoples in antiquity that after 
death the just and wicked alike would share a miserable, shadowy 
existence In Sheol, the underworld, where even God is forgotten: 'Turn, 
O Lord, save my life,' cries the psalmist, 'for in death there is no 
remembrance of thee; in Sheol who can give thee praise?' (Ps. vi, 5; 
cf. Isa. xxxviii, 18; Ps. Ixxxviii, 10-12, etc.) The general hope was for a 



long and prosperous life, many children, a peaceful death in the midst 
of one's family, and burial In the tomb of one's fathers. Needless to 
say, with this simple outlook went a most sensitive appreciation of the 
present time as being the only moment In which man can be with God. 

Eventually, the Innate fear of death, and the dissatisfaction of later 
biblical thinl<ers with a divine justice that allowed the wicl<ed to flourish 
on earth and the just to suffer, led to attempts In the post-exilic era to 
solve this fundamental dilemma. The idea of resurrection, or rather of 
the reunification of body and soul after death, first appears as a 
metaphor In Ezeklel's vision of the re-blrth of the Jewish nation after 
the Babylonian captivity as the re-anlmatlon of dry bones (Ezek. xxxvll; 
cf. also 4Q385 frs. 2-3). Later, after the historical experience of 
martyrdom under the persecution of Antlochus Epiphanes, resurrection 
was expected to be tfie true reward of individuals who freely gave their 
lives for God — I.e. for their religion (Dan. xll, 2; 2 Mac. vll, 9; xll, 44; xlv, 
46, etc.). At the same time, the notion of Immortality also emerged, the 
Idea that the righteous are to be vindicated and live for ever in God's 
presence. This view Is developed fully In the Greek apocryphal Book of 
Wisdom (III, l-V, 16). 

Josephus tells us that the Essenes subscribed to this second school 
of thought. According to him, they adopted a distinctly Hellenistic 
concept of Immortality holding the flesh to be a prison out of which the 
Indestructible soul of the just escapes Into limitless bliss 'In an abode 
beyond the ocean' after Its final deliverance (War II, 154-8). 
Resurrection, implying a retum of the spirit to a material body, can thus 
play no part In this scheme. 

Until recently the Scrolls themselves have not been particularly 
helpful. The Hymns Include equivocal statements such as, 'Hoist a 
banner, O you who He In the dust! O bodies gnawed by worms, raise 
up an ensign ...!' (1QH XIV [formerly VG, 34-5; cf XIX [formerly xl], 10- 
14), which may connote bodily resurrection. On the other hand, the 
poet's language may just be allegorical. Immortality, as distinct from 
resurrection. Is better attested. The substance of Josephus' account Is 
confirmed, though not surprisingly without any typically Hellenistic 
colouring (no doubt introduced by him to please his Greek readers). 
The Community Rule, discussing the reward of the righteous and the 



wicked, assures the just of 'eternal joy in life without end, a crown of 
glory and a gannent of majesty in unending light' (IQS IV, 7-8), and 
sinners of 'eternal torment and endless disgrace together with 
shameful extinction in the fire of the dark regions' (IQS IV, 12-13). It Is 
Interesting to observe that immortality was not conceived of as an 
entirely new state, but rather as a direct continuation of the position 
attained on entry irrto the Community From that momerrt, the sectary 
was raised to an 'everlasting height' and joined to the 'everlasting 
Council', the 'congregation of the Sons of Heaven' (1QH xi [formerly HI], 
20-22). 

Shortly after the 'liberation' of the Scrolls in 1991 a previously 
unknown poetic text, usually designated as the 'Resurrection fragment 
(4Q521), surfaced which, echoing Isaiah bd, 1, describes God in the 
age of the Messiah as healing the wounded and reviving the dead. If 
this poem is an Essene composition and not a psalm dating to the late 
biblical period, It can be said that one out of many hundreds of Qumran 
manuscripts definitely testifies to the secfs belief In bodily 
resurrection. 

In sum, the portrait of the sectary as It Is reflected In his religious 
Ideas and Ideals bears the marks of a fastidious and deeply 
committed observance of the Mosaic Law, an overwhelming 
assurance of the correctness of his beliefs, and certainty of his own 
eventual salvation. But whereas these characteristics may strike 
readers today as far too self-confident, one would do well not to 
overlook other traits conspicuous, In particular, In the Essenes' prayers 
and hymns, which testify to an absolute dependence on the Almighty 
and a total devotion to what was believed to be God's cause. 

For without Thee no wayis perfect 

and without TTiy will nothing is done. 

ItisTliouwho hast taught all knowledge 

and all things come to pass by Thy will. 

There is none beside Thee to dispute Thy counsel 

or to understand all TTiy holy design, 

or to contemplate the depth of Thymjsteries 

and the power ofThy might 



Who can endure Thyglory, 

and what is the son of man 

in the midst of Thy wonderful deeds? 

What shall one born of woman 

be accounted before Thee? 

Kneaded fhjm tie dust 

his abode is tlie nourisliment of worms. 

He is but a shape, but moulded day, 

and inclines towards dust 



(IQSXI, 17-22) 



List of Abbreviations 



BAR Biblical Arcbaeolofy Revifw 

BASOR Bullrlin of :he Ammran Schools tfOritmul Setanh 

CBQ Cnhul:. HiHiail Quarterly 

CD Cairo Damascus Document 

OJO Diiama m thijmttm Daat. (Mbnl igj^ 

DSS Dead Sa ScraOi 

DSSV R.EUeniti>iiindM.Wiie,XkI3M<jtejMfrUHPwra« 

Shaftesbuiy/Kockpoc^ Mm*, 199a 

Fr. Fngment 

f^P E. Schiirer. G. Vermes, F Milhr nd M. GoodnwB, 

I 111. l-dinlniriih. S ^7 

lEJ Israel Exploration Journal 

JBL Journal of Biblical Litcraturt 

JJS Journal ofJev.'isb Smdtes 

JNES Journal of Near Eastern Stttdits 

JQR Jru:isb Quarterly Review 

JSJ Jnurniil for ihi- Stmiy ofJmAum 

JSS Joiiril.tl '■/ Sf/niri, Studitt 

iM AUlhamah''\\'ar Rule 

MMT MtprnMa^MM^ammObmaMat^hnr 

MQC J. IVeboDe Barren and L.\%gasMo«iiMi;«di^3fcJMU^ 

Qltmran Confess I'^tji. \*<>ls. I-II, t-HHw>, I99X 

NTS Nni- TesiiiMciti S:ndii-- 

p /><vf/'fj-=5cctanan Bible commentary 

Ps^ Ps.ilms Scroll a=iiQPs» 

Q Quinran cave (iQ, 2Q, etcaQumnn cave i, 2, etc.) 



XQ BuHfJfQmmtm 

S SMMaComiiniiiityRiiloiQS 

Sa Serekb: Appendix a=Messianic RulcslQS* 

Sli Srrrk-h: ApiKnilix l)=Blissini;s i (,)SI) 

S-D Hybrid Communily Rulc-Uamascus Documeot (|Q>65) 

TS HHiikScnifoiQTS 

UDSS A PnUmimmj ttHm ^ttt UfnUAtiD-tSmSotmi^ 
ed. B. Z. lUcfaolder and M. G. AbegK I^Uagm. 1991-5. 



Note on This Translation 



The purpose of this translation is to enable the reader to come into 
direct contact with the literary works found at Qumran. The English 
does not follow slavishly the Hebrew and Aramaic originals but aims at 
being faithful, intelligible and as far as possible readable. For this 
reason the Hebrew word order had to be altered and the numbering of 
the English lines, which often did not correspond to those of the 
manuscript, had to be sacrificed. However, since the 1995 fourth 
Penguin edition, every fifth line of the manuscript has been indicated in 
the margin of the translation. 

As stated in the preface, only meaningful texts are included in this 
volume, with the occasional exception of some broken lines which 
nevertheless reveal important information. When the same writing is 
extant in several manuscripts, the translation either represents a 
composite text, or indicates significant variarrts, but identical 
passages are not normally repeated. Experts are referred to the DJD 
volumes. 

Lacunae impossible to complete with any measure of confidence 
are indicated by dots in the translation. Texts supplied from a different 
manuscript of the same document appear between { }. Hypothetical 
but likely reconstructions are placed between [ ] and glosses 
necessary for fluency between ( ). Biblical quotations appearing in the 
text are printed In italics, as well as the titles and headings which figure 
in the manuscripts. Each scroll is divided into columns. The beginning 
of each of these columns is indicated in the translation by bold Roman 
numerals: I, II, III, etc. The word vacat Indicates an empty space in the 
manuscript. 

Finally, I wish to ackrowledge here the considerable debt we all owe 
to J. T. Milik and J. Strugnell for their pioneering decipherment of many 
ofthe Cave 4 texts. 



A. The Rules 




'The Manual of Discipline', Israel Museum, Jerusalem 



The Community Rule 



(IQS, 4Q255-64, 4Q280, 286-7, 4Q502, 5QII, 13) 



Discovered in Cave I, tlie eleven relatively well-preserved colunnns of 
this manuscript (IQS) were first published in 1 951 by M. Burrows under 
the title The Manual of Discipline (The Dead Sea Scrolls of St Mark's 
Monastery, II, New Haven). Important fragments of ten other 
manuscripts of the Rule containing a certain number of variant 
readings were also found in Cave 4 (4QS^"' = 4Q255-64), and two 
small fragments in Cave 5(5Q11=1QS II, 4-7 and 13 quoting IQS 111,4- 
5 and II, 19). Qther citations of the Community Rule, especially the 
penal code from 1QS VII, may be found in the 4Q fragments of the 
Damascus Document (cf. 4Q266, fr. 10 and 270, fr. 7) and in the 
hybrid S-D (4Q265). The latter quotes also from 1QS IV, VI and VIII, 
Finally 4Q502, fr 16 includes a quotation from IQS IV, 4-6. See also 
1 1Q29 in DJD, XXIII, 433-4, quoting IQS VII, 23. 

The 1Q manuscript bears the stamp of editorial modification. For 
instance, in column x the original 'I will concea/ knowledge with 
discretion' is corrected to 'I will impart knowledge with discretion'. The 
section covered by columns VIII-IX was particularly subjected to 
alteration as indicated by corrections and interlinear additions in 1 QS, 
but remarkably none of these appears in the 408 manuscripts. The 
same section is considerably abridged in 408^=40259, where the 
text jumps from 108 VIII, 15 directlyto ix, 12. 

The Community Rule is probably one of the oldest documents of the 
sect; its composition may have originated around 100 BCE, and the 
Cave I copy itself is said to have been produced during the quarter of a 
century following that date. It seems to have been intended for the 
Community's teachers, for its Masters or Guardians, and contains 
extracts from liturgical ceremonies, an outline of a tractate on the 



spirits of trutli and faisefiood, statutes concerned witli initiation into tine 
sect and witli its common iife, organization and discipline, a penai 
code, and finaiiy a poetic dissertation on the fundamental religious 
duties of the Master and his disciples, and on the sacred seasons 
proper to the Community. 

Literary analysis suggests that the main document begins at 1 QS v, 
1 . This is where AQS'^ (=4Q258) starts. The preceding columns in 1QS 
l-IV prefix to the Rule proper a liturgical text (1QS 1, l-lll, 11) and the 
probably independent tractate on the two spirits (1QS III, 12-IV, 25). 
Among the 4Q manuscripts only4QS'^ (=4Q256) contains remnants of 
all the sections of 1 QS. The other documents represent either 1 QS l-IV 
or 1QS V-Xl. 4QS^ {4Q259) substitutes, it seems, the text of 4QOtot 
(4Q3 1 9) for that of 1 QS X-XI. 

There are, to my knowledge, no writings in ancient Jewish sources 
parallel to the Community Rule, but a similar type of literature 
flourished among Christians between the second and fourth centuries, 
the so-called 'Church Orders' represented by works such as the 
Didache, the Didascalia, the Apostolic Constitution. 

The contents of 1QS may be divided into three main sections, but 
further subheadings appear in the text itself; 

1. Entry into the Covenant, followed by an Instruction on the two 
spirits (l-IV). 

2. Statutes relating to the Council of the Community (V-IX). 

3. Directives addressed to the Master, and the Master's Hymn 
(IX-XI). 

Some of the variant readings appearing In the Cave 4 manuscripts 
have been adopted In this translation, but the significantly different 
texts of 4QS'' (4Q258) and 408^ (4Q259) will be appended to 1 QS. 

For the editio princeps of 1QS, see M. Burrows eta/.. The Dead 
Sea Scrolls of St Mark's Monastery Vol.11, Fasc. 2:Plates and 
transcription of the Manual of Discipline, 1951. Of. also J. H. 
Charlesworth et ai, eds.. The Dead Sea Scrolls Vol. I: Rule of the 
Community and Related Documents, 1994, 1-51. S. Metso, The 
Textual Development of the Qumran Community Rule (1997). 



1QS 



I [The Master shall teach the saijnts to live(?) {according to the Book} 
(4Q255, 257) of the Community [Rul]e, that they may seek God with a 
whole heart and soul, and do what is good and right before Him as He 
commanded by the hand of Moses and all His servants the Prophets; 
that they may love all that He has chosen and hate all that He has 
rejected; that they may abstain from all evil and hold fast to all good; 
that they may practise truth, righteousness, and justice upon earth and 
no longer stubbornly follow/ a sinful heart and lustful eyes, committing all 
manner of evil. He shall admit into the Covenant of Grace all those who 
have freely devoted themselves to the observance of God's precepts, 
that they may be joined to the counsel of God and may live perfectly 
before Him in accordance with all that has been revealed concerning 
their appointed times, and that they may love all the sons of light, each 
according to his lot in God's design, and hate all the sons of darkness, 
each according to his guilt in God's vengeance. 

All those who freely devote themselves to His truth shall bring all their 
knowledge, powers and possessions into the Community of God, that 
they may purify their knowledge In the truth of God's precepts and 
order their powers according to His ways of perfection and all their 
possessions according to His righteous counsel. They shall not depart 
from any command of God concerning their times; they shall be neither 
early nor late for any of their appointed times, they shall stray neither to 
the right nor to the left of any of His true precepts. All those who 
embrace the Community Rule shall enter into the Covenant before God 
to obey all His commandments so that they may not abandon Him 
during the dominion of Belial because of fear or terror or affliction. 

On entering the Covenant, the Priests and Levites shall bless the 
God of salvation and all His faithfulness, and all those entering the 
Covenant shall say after them, 'Amen, Amen!' 

Then the Priests shall recite the favours of God manifested in His 
mighty deeds and shall declare all His merciful grace to Israel, and the 
Levites shall recite the iniquities of the children of Israel, all their guilty 
rebellions and sins during the dominion of Belial. And after them, all 



those entering the Covenant shall confess and say: 'We have strayed! 
We have [disobeyed!] We and our fathers before us have sinned and 
acted wickedly in walking [counter to the precepts] of truth and 
righteousness. [And God has] judged us and our fathers also; II but He 
has bestowed His bountiful mercy on us from everiasting to 
everlasting.' And the Priests shall bless all the men of the lot of God 
who walk perfectly in all His ways, saying: 'May He bless you with all 
good and preserve you from all evil! IVlay He lighten your heart with life- 
giving wisdom and grant you eternal knowledge! IVlay He raise His 
merciful face towards you for everlasting bliss!' 

And the Levites shall curse all the men of the lot of Belial, saying: 'Be 
cursed because of all your guilty wickedness! May He deliver you up 
for torture at the hands of the vengeful Avengers! IVlay He visit you with 
destruction by the hand of all the Wreakers of Revenge! Be cursed 
without mercy because of (4Q256) the darkness of your deeds! Be 
damned in the shadowy place of everlasting fire! May God not heed 
when you call on Him, nor pardon you by blotting out your sin! May He 
raise His angry face towards you for vengeance! May there be no 
"Peace" for you in the mouth of those who hold fast to the Fathers!' 
And after the blessing and the cursing, aii those entering the Covenant 
shall say, 'Amen, Amen!' 

And the Priests and Levites shall continue, saying: 'Cursed be the 
man who enters this Covenant while waiking among the idols of his 
heart, who sets up before himself his stumbiing-biock of sin so that he 
may backsiide! Hearing the words of this Covenant, he blesses 
himself in his heart and says, "Peace be with me, even though I walk in 
the stubbornness of my heart" (Deut. xxix, 18-19), whereas his spirit, 
parched (for iack of truth) and watered (with iies), shall be destroyed 
without pardon. God's wrath and His zeal for His precepts shall 
consume him in everiasting destruction. All the curses of the Covenant 
shall cling to him and God wiii set him apart for evil. He shall be cut off 
from the midst of all the sons of light, and because he has turned aside 
from God on account of his idols and his stumbling-block of sin, his lot 
shall be among those who are cursed for ever.' And after them, all 
those entering the Covenant shall answer and say, 'Amen, Amen!' 

Thus shall they do, year by year, for as long as ttie dominion of Belial 



endures. The Priests shall enter first, ranked one after another 
according to the perfection of their spirit; then the Levites; and thirdly, 
all the people one after arrather in their Thousands, HurxJreds, Fifties, 
and Tens, that every Israelite may know his place in ttie Community of 
God according to the everlasting design. No man shall move down 
from his place nor move up from his allotted position. For according to 
the holy design, they shall all of them be in a Community of truth and 
virtuous humility, of loving-kindness and good intent one towards the 
other, and (they shall all of them be) sons of the everlasting Company. 

No man [shall be in the] Community of His truth wtio refuses to enter 
[the Covenant of] God so that he may walk in the stubbomness of his 
heart, for III his soul detests the wise teaching of just laws. He shall not 
be counted among the upright for he has not persisted in the 
conversion of his life. His knowledge, powers, and possessions shall 
not enter the Council of the Community for whoever ploughs the mud 
of wickedness returns defiled (?). He shall not be justified by that which 
his stubborn heart declares lawful, for seeking the ways of light he 
looks towards darkness. He shall not be reckoned among the perfect; 
he shall neither be purified by atonement, nor cleansed by purifying 
waters, nor sanctified by seas and rivers, nor washed clean with any 
ablution. Unclean, unclean shall he be. For as long as he despises the 
precepts of God he shall receive no instruction in the Community of His 
counsel. 

For it is through the spirit of true counsel concerning the ways of man 
that all his sins shall be expiated, that he may contemplate the light of 
life. He shall be cleansed from all his sins by the spirit of holiness 
uniting him to His truth, and his iniquity shall be expiated by the spirit of 
uprightness and humility And when his flesh is sprinkled with purifying 
water and sanctified by cleansing water, it shall be made clean by the 
humble submission of his soul to all the precepts of God. Let him then 
order his steps {to walk} (4Q255) perfectly In all the ways commanded 
by God concerning the times appointed for him, straying neither to the 
right nor to the left and transgressing none of His words, and he shall 
be accepted by virtue of a pleasing atonement before God and it shall 
be to him a Covenant of the everiasting Community. 



The Master shall Instruct all the sons of light and shall teach them the 
nature of all the children of men according to the kind of spirit which 
they possess, the signs Identifying their works during their lifetime, 
their visitation for chastisement, and the time of their reward. 

From the God of Knowledge comes all that Is and shall be. Before 
ever they existed He established their whole design, and when, as 
ordained for them, they come into being, it is in accord with His 
glorious design that they accomplish their task without change. The 
laws of all things are in His hand and He provides them with all their 
needs. 

He has created man to govern the worid, and has appointed for him 
two spirits in which to walk until the time of His visitation: the spirits of 
truth and injustice. Those born of truth spring from a fountain of light, 
but those born of injustice spring from a source of darkness. All the 
children of righteousness are ruled by the Prince of Light and walk in 
the ways of light, but all the children of injustice are ruled by the Angel 
of Darkness and walk in the ways of darkness. The Angel of Darkness 
leads all the children of righteousness astray and until his end, all their 
sin, iniquities, wickedness, and all their unlawful deeds are caused by 
his dominion in accordance with the mysteries of God. Every one of 
their chastisements, and every one of the seasons of their distress, 
shall be brought about by the rule of his persecution; for all his allotted 
spirits seek the overthrow of the sons of light. 

But the God of Israel and His Angel of Truth will succour all the sons 
of light For it is He who created the spirits of Light and Darkness and 
founded every action upon them and established every deed [upon] 
their [ways]. And He loves the one IV everlastingly and delights in its 
works for ever; but the counsel of the other He loathes and for ever 
hates its ways. 

These are their ways In the worid for the enlightenment of the heart 
of man, and so that all the paths of true righteousness may be made 
straight before him, and so that the fear of the laws of God may be 
instilled in his heart: a spirit of humility, patience, abundant charity 
unending goodness, understanding, and intelligence; (a spirit of) 
mighty wisdom which trusts In all the deeds of God and leans on His 
great loving-kindness; a spirit of discernment in every purpose, of zeal 



for just laws, of holy intent with steadfastness of heart, of great charity 
towards all the sons of truth, of admirable purity which detests all 
unclean idols, of humble corKluct sprung from an understanding of all 
things, and of faithful concealment of the mysteries of truth. These are 
the counsels of the spirit to the sons of truth in this world. 

And as for the visitation of all wtio walk in this spirit, it shall be 
healing, great peace in a long life, and fruitfulness, together with every 
everlasting blessing and eternal joy in life without end, a crown of glory 
and a garment of majesty in unending light. 

But the ways of the spirit of falsehood are these: greed, and 
slackness in the search for righteousness, wickedness and lies, 
haughtiness and pride, falseness and deceit, cruelty and abundant evil, 
ill-temper and much folly and brazen insolence, abominable deeds 
(committed) in a spirit of lust, and ways of lewdness in the service of 
uncleanness, a blaspheming tongue, blindness of eye and dullness of 
ear, stiffness of neck and heaviness of heart, so that man walks in all 
the ways of darkness and guile. 

And the visitation of all who walk in this spirit shall be a multitude of 
plagues by the hand of all the destroying angels, everlasting damnation 
by the avenging wrath of the fury of God, eternal torment and endless 
disgrace together with shameful extinction in the fire of the dark 
regions. The times of all their generations shall be spent in sorrowful 
mourning and in bitter misery and in calamities of darkness until they 
are destroyed without remnant or survivor. 

The nature of all the children of men is ruled by these (two spirits), 
and during their life all the hosts of men have a portion of their divisions 
and walk in (both) their ways. And the whole reward for their deeds 
shall be, for everlasting ages, according to whether each man's portion 
in their two divisions is great or small. For God has established the 
spirits in equal measure until the final age, and has set everlasting 
hatred between their divisions. Truth abhors the works of injustice, and 
injustice hates all the ways of truth. And their struggle is fierce in all 
their arguments for they do not walk together. But in the mysteries of 
His understanding, and in His glorious wisdom, God has ordained an 
end for injustice, and at the time of the visitation He will destroy it for 
ever. Then truth, which has wallowed in the ways of wickedness during 



the dominion of injustice until the appointed time of judgement, shall 
arise in the world for ever. God will then purify every deed of man with 
His truth; He will refine for Himself the human frame by rooting out all 
spirit of injustice from the bounds of his flesh. He will cleanse him of all 
wicked deeds with the spirit of holiness; like purifying waters He will 
shed upon him the spirit of truth (to cleanse him) of all abomination and 
Injustice. And he shall be plunged into the spirit of purification, that he 
may Instruct the upright in the knowledge of the Most High and teach 
the wisdom of the sons of heaven to the perfect of way. For God has 
chosen them for an everiasting Covenarrt and all the glory of Adam 
shall be theirs. There shall be no more lies and all the works of Injustice 
shall be put to shame. 

Until now ttie spirits of truth and injustice struggle in the tiearts of 
men and they walk in both wisdom and folly. According to his portion of 
truth so does a man hate injustice, and according to his inheritance in 
the reaim of injustice so is he wicked and so hates truth. For God has 
established the two spirits in equal measure until the determined end, 
and until the Renewal, and He knows the reward of their deeds from all 
eternity He has allotted them to the children of men that they may know 
good [and evil, and] that the destiny of all the living may be according 
to the spirit within [them at the time] of the visitation. 

y And this is the Ruie for the men of the Community who have 
freeiy pledged themselves to be converted from all evil and to 
cling to all His commandments according to His will 

They shall separate from the congregation of the men of injustice 
and shall unite, with respect to the Law and possessions, under the 
authority of the sons of Zadok, the Priests who keep the Covenant, and 
of the multitude of the men of the Community who hold fast to the 
Covenant. Every decision concerning doctrine, property and justice 
shall be determined by them. 

They shall practise truth and humility in common, and justice and 
uprightness and charity and modesty in aii their ways. No man shall 
walk in the stubbornness of his heart so that he strays after his heart 



and eyes and evil inclination, but he shall circumcise in the Community 
the foreskin of evil irxilination and of stiffness of neck that they may lay 
a foundation of truth for Israel, for the Community of the everlasting 
Covenant. They shall atone for all those in Aaron who have freely 
pledged themselves to holiness, and for those in Israel who have freely 
pledged themselves to the House of Truth, and for those who join them 
to live in community and to take part in the trial and judgement and 
condemnation of all those who transgress the precepts. 

On joining the Community, this shall be their code of behaviour with 
respect to all these precepts. 

Whoever approaches the Courrcil of the Community shall enter the 
Covenant of God in the presence of all who have freely pledged 
themselves. He shall undertake by a binding oath to retum with all his 
heart and soul to every commandment of the Law of Moses in 
accordance with all that has been revealed of it to the sons of Zadok, 
the Priests, Keepers of the Covenant and Seekers of His will, and to 
the multitude of the men of their Covenant who together have freely 
pledged themselves to His truth and to walking in the way of His 
delight. And he shall undertake by the Covenant to separate from all 
the men of injustice who walk in the way of wickedness. 

For they are not reckoned in His Covenant. They have neither 
inquired nor sought after Him concerning His laws that they might know 
the hidden things in which they have sinfully erred; and matters 
revealed they have treated with insolence. Therefore Wrath shall rise 
up to condemn, and Vengeance shall be executed by the curses of the 
Covenant, and great chastisements of eternal destruction shall be 
visited on them, leaving no remnant. They shall not enter the water to 
partake of the pure Meal of the men of holiness, for they shall not be 
cleansed unless they turn from their wickedness: for all who transgress 
His word are unclean. Likewise, no man shall consort with him in 
regard to his work or property lest he be burdened with the guiit of his 
sin. He shall indeed keep away from him in all things: as it is written. 
Keep amy from all that is false (Exod. xxiii, 7). No member of the 
Community shall follow them in matters of doctrine and justice, or eat 
or drink anything of theirs, or take anything from them except for a 
price; as it is written. Keep amy from the man in viJiose nostrils is 



breath, for v\herein is he counted? (tea. ii, 22). For all those not 
reckoned in His Covenant are to be set apart, together with all that Is 
theirs. None of the men of holiness shall lean upon works of vanity: for 
they are all vanity who know not His Covenant, and He will blot from the 
world all them that despise His word. All their deeds are defilement 
before Him, and all their property unclean. 

But when a man enters the Covenant to walk according to all these 
precepts that he may be joined to the holy Congregation, they shall 
examine his spirit in community with respect to his understanding and 
practice of the Law, under the authority of the sons of Aaron wtxj have 
freely pledged themselves in the Community to restore His Covenant 
and to heed all the precepts commanded by Him, and of the multitude 
of Israel who have freely pledged themselves in the Community to 
return to His Covenant. They shall inscribe them in order, one after 
another, according to their understanding and their deeds, that every 
one may obey his companion, the man of lesser rank obeying his 
superior And they shall examine their spirit and deeds yearly, so that 
each man may be advanced in accordance with his understanding and 
perfection of way, or moved down in accordance with his distortions. 
They shall rebuke one another in truth, humility and charity. Let no man 
address his companion with anger, or ill-temper, or obdu[racy, or with 
envy prompted by (4Q258)] the spirit of wickedness. Let him not hate 
him [because of his uncircumcised] heart, but let him rebuke him on 
the very same day lestVI he incur guilt because of him. And 
furthermore, let no man accuse his companion before the 
Congregation without having admonished him in the presence of 
witnesses. 

These are the ways in which all of them shall walk, each man with his 
companion, wherever they dwell. The man of lesser rank shall obey the 
greater in matters of work and money They shall eat in common and 
bless in common and deliberate in common. 

Wherever there are ten men of the Council of the Community there 
shall not lack a Priest among them. And they shall all sit before him 
according to their rank and shall be asked their counsel in all things in 
that order. And when the table has been prepared for eating, and the 
new wine for drinking, tfie Priest shall be the first to stretch out his hand 



to bless the firstfruits of the bread and new wine. 

And where the ten are, there shall never lack a man among them 
who shall study the Law continually, dayarxJ night, concerning the right 
conduct of a man with his companion. And the Congregation shall 
watch In community for a third of every night of the year, to read the 
Book and to study the Law and to bless together. 

This is the Ruie for an Assembiy of the Congregation 

Each man shall sit In his place: the Priests shall sit first, and the 
elders second, and all the rest of the people according to their rank. 
And thus shall they be quesfioned corxieming the Law, and concerning 
any counsel or matter coming before the Congregation, each man 
bringing his knowledge to the Council of the Community. 

No man shall Interrupt a companion before his speech has ended, 
nor speak before a man of higher rank; each man shall speak in his 
turn. And in an Assembly of the Congregation no man shall speak 
without the consent of the Congregation, nor indeed of the Guardian of 
the Congregation. Should any man wish to speak to the Congregation, 
yet not be in a position to question the Council of the Community let 
him rise to his feet and say: 'I have something to say to the 
Congregation.' If they command him to speak, he shall speak. 

Every man, born of Israel, who freely pledges himself to join the 
Council of the Community shall be examined by the Guardian at the 
head of the Congregation concerning his understanding and his 
deeds. If he is fitted to the discipline, he shall admit him into the 
Covenant that he may be converted to the truth and depart from all 
injustice; and he shall instruct him in all the rules of the Community. And 
later, when he comes to stand before the Congregation, they shall all 
deliberate his case, and according to the decision of the Council of the 
Congregation he shall either enter or depart. After he has entered the 
Council of the Community he shall not touch the pure Meal of the 
Congregation until one {full} (4Q256) year is completed, and until he 
has been examined concerning his spirit and deeds; nor shall he have 
any share of the property of the Congregation. Then wtien he has 



completed one year within the Community, ttie Congregation shall 
deliberate his case with regard to his understanding and observance 
of ttie Law. ArxJ if it be his destiny, according to the judgemerrt of the 
Priests arxl the multitude of ttie men of their Covenant, to enter the 
company of the Community, his property and eamings shall be handed 
over to the Bursar of ihe Congregation w\no shall register It to his 
account and shall not spend it for the Congregation. He shall not touch 
the Drink of the Congregation until he has completed a second year 
among the men of the Community. But when the second year has 
passed, he shall be examined, and if It be his destiny, according to the 
judgement of the Congregation, to enter the Community, then he shall 
be inscribed among his brethren in the order of his rank for the Law, 
and for justice, and for the pure IVIeal; his property shall be merged and 
he shall offer his counsel and judgement to the Community. 

These are the Rules by which they shall judge at a Community 
(Court o1) Inquiry according to the cases 

If one of them has lied deliberately In matters of property, he shall be 
excluded from the pure Meal of the Congregation for one year and 
shall do penance with respect to one quarter of his food. 

Whoever has answered his companion with obstinacy, or has 
addressed him impatiently going so far as to take no account of the 
dignity of his fellow by disobeying tine order of a brother Inscribed 
before him, he has taken the law Into his own hand; therefore he shall 
do penance for one year [and shall be excluded]. 

If any man has uttered the [Most] Venerable Name VII even though 
frivolously or as a result of shock or for any other reason whatever, 
while reading the Book or blessing, he shaii be dismissed and shall 
return to the Council of the Community no more. 

If he has spoken In anger against one of the Priests inscribed In the 
Book, he shall do penance for one year and shaii be excluded for his 
soul's sake from the pure Meal of the Congregation. But if he has 
spoken unwittingly, he shall do penance for six months. 

Whoever has deliberately lied shall do penance for six months. 



Whoever has deliberately insulted his companion unjustly shall do 
penance for one year and shall be excluded. 

Whoever has deliberately deceived his companion by word or by 
deed shall do penance for six months. 

If he has failed to care for his companion, he shall do penance for 
three months. But if he has feiled to care for the property of the 
Community thereby causing its loss, he shall restore it in full. And if he 
be unable to restore it, he shall do penance for sixty days. 

Whoever has borne malice against his companion unjustly shall do 
penance for six months/one year; and likewise, whoever has taken 
revenge in any matter whatever. 

Whoever has spoken foolishly: three months. 

Whoever has interrupted his companion whilst speaking: ten days. 

Whoever has lain down to sleep during an Assembly of the 
Congregation : thirty days. And likewise, whoever has left, without 
reason, an Assembly of the Congregation as many as three times 
during one Assembly, shall do penance for ten days. But if he has 
departed whilst they were standing he shall do penance for thirty days. 

Whoever has gone naked before his companion, without having 
been obliged to do so, he shall do penance for six months. 

Whoever has spat in an Assembly of the Congregation stiall do 
penance for thirty days. 

Whoever has been so poorly dressed that when drawing his hand 
from beneath his garment his nakedness has been seen, he shall do 
penance for thirty days. 

Whoever has guffawed foolishly shall do penance for thirty days. 
Whoever has drawn out his left hand to gesticulate with it shall do 
penance for ten days. 

Whoever has gone about slandering his companion shail be 
excluded from the pure Meal of the Congregation for one year and 
shall do penance. But whoever has siandered the Congregation shall 
be expelled from among them and shall return no more. 

Whoever has murmured against the authority of the Community shall 
be expelled and shall not return. But if he has murmured against his 
companion unjustly, he shall do penance for six months. 

Should a man return whose spirit has so trembled before the 



authority of the Community that he has betrayed the tmth and walked in 
the stubbomness of his heart, he shaii do penance for two years. 
During the first year he shaii not touch the pure Meal of the 
Congregation, and during the second year he shall not touch the Drinl< 
of the Congregation and shaii sit beiow aii the men of the Community. 
Then when his two years are completed, the Congregation shaii 
consider his case, and if he Is admitted he shaii be inscribed In his 
ranl< and may then question concerning the Law. 

if, after being In the Council of the Community for ten fuii years, the 
spirit of any man has failed, so that he has betrayed the Community 
and departed from the Congregation to waii< In the stubbomness of his 
heart, he shall return no more to the Council of the Community. 
Moreover, if any member of the Community fias shared with him his 
food or property which ... of the Congregation, his sentence shall be 
the same; he shaii be ex[peiied]. 

VIII in the Councii of the Community there shaii be twelve men and 
three Priests, perfectly versed in all that is revealed of the Law, whose 
wori<s shaii be truth, righteousness, justice, ioving-i<indness and 
humility They shaii preserve the faith in the Land with steadfastness 
and meel<ness and shaii atone for sin by the practice of justice and by 
suffering the sorrows of affiiction. They shaii waii< with aii men 
according to the standard of truth and the rule of the time. 

When these are in Israel, the Councii of the Community shaii be 
established In truth, it shall be an Everlasting Plantation, a House of 
Holiness for Israel, an Assembly of Supreme Holiness for Aaron. They 
shaii be witnesses to the truth at the Judgement, and shaii be the elect 
of Goodwill who shaii atone for the Land and pay to the wicl<ed their 
reward, it shaii be that tried wall, that prec/otvs comer-stone, whose 
foundations shaii neither rocl< nor sway in their place (isa. xxviii, 16). it 
shaii be a Most Holy Dwelling for Aaron, with everlasting l<nowiedge of 
the Covenant of justice, and shaii offer up sweet fragrance. It shall be a 
House of Perfection and Truth In Israel that they may establish a 
Covenant according to the everlasting precepts. And they shall be an 
agreeable offering, atoning for the Land and determining the 
judgement of wickedness, and there shall be no more iniquity. When 



they have been confirmed for two years in perfection of way in the 
Foundation of ttie Community, they shall be set apart as holy within the 
Council of ttie men of ttie Community. And the Interpreter shall not 
conceal from them, out of fear of the spirit of apostasy any of those 
things hidden from Israel which have been discovered by him. 

And when these become members of the Community in Israel 
according to all these rules, tliey shall separate from tfie habitation of 
unjust men and shall go irrto the wilderness to prepare ttiere the way of 
Him; as it is written. Prepare in the widemess the way of ... , make 
straight in the desert a path for our God (Isa. xl, 3). This (path) is the 
study of the Law which He commanded by the hand of IVIoses, that they 
may do according to all that has been revealed from age to age, and 
as the Prophets have revealed by His Holy Spirit. 

And no man among the members of the Covenant of the Community 
who deliberately on any point whatever, turns aside from all that is 
commanded, shall touch the pure Meal of the men of holiness or know 
anything of their counsel until his deeds are purified from all injustice 
and he walks in perfection of way And then, according to the 
judgement of the Congregation, he shall be admitted to the Council 
and shall be inscribed in his rank. This rule shall apply to whoever 
enters the Community. 

And these are the rules which the men of perfect holiness shall 
follow in their commerce with one another 

Everyman who enters the Council of Holiness, (the Council of those) 
who walk in the way of perfection as commanded by God, and who 
deliberately or through negligence transgresses one word of the Law 
of Moses, on any point whatever, shall be expelled from the Council of 
the Community and shall return no more; no man of holiness shall be 
associated In his property or counsel In any matter at all. But if he has 
acted Inadvertently, he shall be excluded from the pure Meal and the 
Council and they shall Interpret the rule (as follows). For two years he 
shall take no part in judgement or ask for counsel; but if, during that 
time, his way becomes perfect, {tfien he shall return) (4Q258) to the 



(Court of) Inquiry and the Council, in accordance with the judgement of 
the Congregation, provided that he commit no further inadvertent sin 
during two fUll years. IX For one sin of inadvertence (alone) he shall do 
penance for two years. But as for him who has sinned deliberately, he 
shall never return; only the man wfK> has sinned inadvertently shall be 
tried for two years, that his way and counsel may be made perfect 
according to the judgement of the Congregation. And aflen/vards, he 
shall be inscribed in his rank in the Community of Holiness. 

When these become members of the Community in Israel according 
to all these rules, they shall establish the spirit of holiness according to 
everlasting truth. They shall atone for guilty rebellion and for sins of 
unfaithfulness, that they may obtain loving-kirKlness for the Land 
without the flesh of holocausts and the fat of sacrifice. Arxl prayer 
rightly offered shall be as an acceptable fragrance of righteousness, 
and perfection of way as a delectable free-will offering. At that time, the 
men of the Community shall set apart a House of Holiness in order that 
it may be united to the most holy things and a House of Community for 
Israel, for those who walk in perfection. The sons of Aaron alone shall 
command in matters of justice and property and every rule concerning 
the men of the Community shall be determined according to their word. 

As for the property of the men of holiness who walk in perfection, it 
shall not be merged with that of the men of Injustice who have not 
purified their life by separating themselves from iniquity and walking in 
the way of perfection. They shall depart from none of the counsels of 
the Law to walk in all the stubbornness of their hearts, but shall be ruled 
by the primitive precepts in which the men of the Community were first 
instructed until there stiall come the Proptiet and the Messiahs of 
Aaron and Israel. 

These are the precepts in which the Master shall walk in His 
commerce with ail the living, according to the rule proper to 
every season and according to the worth of every man 

He shall do the will of God according to all that tias been revealed 
from age to age. 



He shall measure out all knowledge discovered throughout the ages, 
together with the Precept of the age. 

He shall separate and weigh the sons of righteousness according to 
their spirit. 

He shall hold firmly to thie elect of the time according to His will, as 
He has commanded. 

He shall judge every man according to his spirit. He shall admit him 
in accordance with the cleanness of his harKis arKi advance him in 
accordance with his urxierstanding. And he shall love and hate 
lil<ewise. 

He shall not rebul<e the men of the Pit nor dispute with them. 

He shall conceal the teaching of the Law from men of injustice, but 
shall impart true knowledge and righteous judgement to those who 
have chosen the Way. He shall guide them all in knowledge according 
to the spirit of each and according to the rule of the age, and shall thus 
instruct them in the mysteries of marvellous truth, so that in the midst of 
the men of the Community they may walk perfectly together in all that 
has been revealed to them. This is the time for the preparation of the 
way into the wilderness, and he shall teach them to do all that is 
required at that time and to separate from all those who have not 
turned aside from all injustice. 

These are the rules of conduct for the Master in those times with 
respect to His ioving and haling 

Everlasting hatred in a spirit of secrecy for the men of perdition! He 
shall leave to them wealth and earnings like a slave to his lord and like 
a poor man to his master. 

He shall be a man zealous for the Precept whose time is for the Day 
of Revenge. He shall perform the will of God In all his deeds, and in ail 
his dominion as He has commanded. He shall freely delight in all that 
befalls him and nothing shall please him save God's will. He shall 
delight in all the words of His mouth and shall desire nothing except 
His command. He shall watch always [for] the judgement of God, and 
shall bless his Maker [for all His goodness] and declare [His mercies] 



in all that befalls. 

He shall bless Him [with the offering] of the lips X at the times 
ondained by Him: at the beginning of the dominion of light, and at its 
end when it retires to its appointed place; at the beginning of the 
watches of darkness when He unlocks their storehouse and spreads 
them out, and also at their erxl when they retire before the light; when 
the heavenly lights shine out from the dwelling-place of Holiness, and 
also when they retire to the place of Glory; at the errtry of the (monthly) 
seasons on the days of the new moon, and also at their end when they 
succeed to one another. Their renewal is a great day for the Holy of 
Holies, and a sign for the unlocking of everlasting mercies at the 
beginning of seasons in all times to come. 

At the beginning of the months of the (yearly) seasons 

and on the holy days appointed for remembrance, 

in their seasons I will bless Him 

with the offering of the lips 

according to the Precept engraved for ever: 

at the beginning of the years 

and at the end of their seasons 

when their appointed law is fulfilled, 

on the day decreed by Him 

that they should pass from one to the other- 

the season of early harvest to the summer time, 

the season of sowing to the season of grass, 

the seasons of years to their weeks (of years )- 

and at the beginning of theirweeks 

for the season of Jubilee. 

All my life the engraved Precept shall be on my tongue 
as the fruit of praise 
and the portion of my lips. 

1 will sing with knowledge and all my music 

shall be for the glory of God. 

(My) lyre (and) my harp shall sound 

for His holy order 

and 1 will tune the pipe of my lips 



to His right measure. 

With the coming of day and night 

I wiil enter the Covenant of God, 

and when evening and morning depart 

I wiii recite His decrees. 

I wiii piace in them my bounds without return. 

i wiii deciare His judgement concerning my sins, 

and my transgressions shaii be before my eyes 

as an engraved Precept. 

i wiii say to God, 'iVIy Righteousness' 

and 'Author of my Goodness' to the iVIost High, 

'Fountain of Knowiedge' and 'Source of Hoiiness', 

'Summit of Giory' and 'Aimighty Eternai iVlajesty'. 

i wiii choose that which He teaches me 

and wiii deiight in His judgement of me. 

Before i move my hands and feet 
i wiii biess His Name, 
i wiii praise Him before i go out or enter, 
or sit or rise, 

and whiist i iie on the couch of my bed. 

i wiii biess Him with the offering 

of that which proceeds from my iips 

from the midst of the ranl<s of men, 

and before i iift my hands to eat 

of the pieasant fruits of the earth. 

i wiii biess Him for His exceeding wonderfui deeds 

at the beginning of fear and dread 

and in the abode of distress and desoiation. 

i wiii meditate on His power 

and wiii iean on His mercies aii day iong. 

i l<now that judgement of aii the iiving 

is in His hand, 

and that aii His deeds are truth. 

I wiii praise Him when distress is unieashed 



and will magnify Him also because of His salvation. 

I will pay to no man the reward of evil; 
I will pursue him with goodness. 
Forjudgementof allthe living Is with God 
and It Is He who will render to man his reward. 
I will not envy In a spirit of wickedness, 
my soul shall not desire the riches of violence. 
I will not grapple with the men of perdition 
until the Day of Revenge, 

but my wrath shall not turn from the men of falsehood 
and I will not rejoice until judgement Is made. 
I will bear no rancour 

against them that turn from transgression, 

but will have no pity 

on all who depart from the way. 

I will offer no comfort to the smitten 

until their way becomes perfect. 

I will not keep Belial within my heart, 

and In my mouth shall be heard 

no folly or sinful deceit, 

no cunning or lies shall be found on my Hps. 

The fruit of holiness shall be on my tongue 

and no abominations shall be found upon It. 

I will open my mouth 

In songs of thanksgiving, 

and my tongue shall always proclaim 

the goodness of God and the sin of men 

until their transgression ends. 

I will cause vanities 

to cease from my Hps, 

uncleanness and crookedness 

from the knowledge of my heart. 

I will Impart/conceal knowledge with discretion 



and will prudently hedge it within a firm bound 

to preserve faith and strong judgement 

in accordance with the justice of God. 

I will distribute the Precept 

by the measuring-cord of the times, 

and ... righteousness 

and loving-kindness towards the oppressed, 

encouragement to the troubled heart 

XI and discernment to the erring spirit, 

teaching understanding to them that murmur 

that they may answer meekly 

before the haughty of spirit 

and humbly before men of injustice 

who point the finger and speak of iniquity 

and who are zealous for wealth. 

As for me, 

my justification is with God. 

In His hand are the perfection of my way 

and the uprightness of my heart. 

He will wipe out my transgression 

through His righteousness. 

For my light has sprung 

from the source of His knowledge; 

my eyes have beheld His marvellous deeds, 

and the light of my heart, the mystery to come. 

He that is everlasting 

is the support of my right hand; 

the way of my steps is over stout rock 

which nothing shall shake; 

for the rock of my steps is the truth of God 

and His might is the support of my right hand. 

From the source of His righteousness 
is my justification. 



and from His marvellous mysteries 

Is the light In my heart. 

My eyes have gazed 

on that which Is eternal, 

on wisdom concealed from men, 

on knowledge and wise design 

(hidden) from the sons of men; 

on a fountain of righteousness 

and on a storehouse of power, 

on a spring of glory 

(hidden) from the assembly of flesh. 

God has given them to His chosen ones 

as an everlasting possession, 

and has caused them to Inherit 

the lot of the Holy Ones. 

He has joined their assembly 

to the Sons of Heaven 

to be a Council of the Community, 

a foundation of the Building of Holiness, 

and eternal Plantation throughout all ages to 

As for me, 

I belong to wicked mankind, 

to the company of unjust flesh. 

My Iniquities, rebellions, and sins, 

together with the perversity of my heart, 

belong to the company of worms 

and to those who walk In darkness. 

For mankind has no way, 

and man Is unable to establish his steps 

since justification Is with God 

and perfection of way Is out of His hand. 

All things come to pass by His knowledge; 

He establishes all things by His design 

and without Him nothing Is done. 



As for me, 

if I stumble, the mercies of God 
sliaii be my eternai saivation. 
If I stagger because of the sin of flesh, 
my justification shall be 

by the righteousness of God which endures for ever. 

When my distress is unleashed 

He will deliver my soul from the Pit 

and will direct my steps to the way. 

He will draw me near by His grace, 

and by His mercy will He bring my justification. 

He will judge me in the righteousness of His truth 

and in the greatness of His goodness 

He will pardon all my sins. 

Through His righteousness he will cleanse me 

of the uncleanness of man 

and of the sins of the children of men, 

that I may confess to God His righteousness, 

and His majesty to the Most High. 

Blessed art Thou, my God, 

who openest the heart of Thy servant to knowledge! 

Establish all his deeds in righteousness, 

and as it pleases Thee to do for the elect of mankind, 

grant that the son of Thy handmaid 

may stand before Thee for ever. 

For without Thee no way is perfect, 

and without Thy will nothing is done. 

It is Thou who hast taught all knowledge 

and all things come to pass by Thy will. 

There is none beside Thee to dispute Thy counsel 

or to understand all Thy holy design, 

or to contemplate the depth of Thy mysteries 

and the power of Thy might. 



Who can endure Thy glory, 

and what is the son of man 

in the midst of Thy wonderfui deeds? 

What shali one born of woman 

be accounted before Thee? 

Kneaded from the dust, 

his abode is the nourishment of worms. 

He is but a shape, but moulded clay, 

and inclines towards dust. 

What shall hand-moulded clay reply? 

What counsel shall it understand? 



Community Rule manuscripts from Cave 4 



4QS^=4Q258 



This'is the best preserved of the ten 4QS manuscripts. Seven columns 
of the text have survived, five of them containing full-length lines. 
Column 1 , with a wide margin on tfie right, is almost certainly the 
beginning of the Scroll. It corresponds to 1QS v, 1 . The last Identifiable 
passage represents 1QS XI, 7. The word 'God' ['el) is written twice 
with palaeo-Hebrew letters (at 1QS IX, 25 and x, 9). Columns I and II of 
S'' (1 QS V, l-VI, 7) provide a shorter and smoother version of the Rule 
than 1QS. The more fragmentary 4QS'^ {=4Q256) supports the present 
version on the essential points. The most significant peculiarities of 
4QS'^ (=4Q258) are the almost complete absence of the 'full' spelling 
characteristic of the Qumran sectarian manuscripts, the different 
opening line and a repeated failure to mention 'the Priests, the Sons of 
Zadok'. For both its occurrences In 1QS, 4QS'^ (and 4QS'') read 'the 
Congregation' (ha-rabbim), an alternative reading likely to possess 
Important historical Implications. 

For the editio princeps, see P. S. Alexander and G. Vermes, DJD, 
XXVI, 83-128. See also G. Vermes, 'The Leadership of the Qumran 
Community: Sons of Zadok - Priests - Congregation', In the Martin 
Hengel Festschrift Geschichte-TradiHon-Reilexion, ed. P. Schafer 
(Tubingen, 1996), 375-84. 

I (=1QS v, 1-20) Teaching for the Master concerning the men of the Law 
(or: tfie Master who is tfie superior of ttie men of the Law) who have 
freely pledged themselves to convert from all evil and hold fast to all 
that He has commanded. And tfiey shall separate from the 
congregation of tfie men of injustice and sfiall unite with respect to 
doctrine and property, and they shall be under tfie authority of the 



Congregation concerning aii matters of doctrine and property. Ttiey 
shaii practise liumility and rigtrteousness and justice and lovlng- 
[kindness] and modesty in all their ways. And no man shall wall< in the 
stubbornness of his heart so as to stray. He is rather to lay [a 
foundation] of truth for Israel for the Community for all those who have 
freely pledged themselves to Holiness in Aaren and to a House of 
Truth in Israel and for those who jo[in th]em for a Community. Whoever 
enters the Council [of the Commu]nity shall undertake by binding (oath) 
to [return t]o the Law of Moses with all (his) heart and soul, to all that 
has been revealed from the L[aw]. 

[And whoever enters] the Council of the me[n] of the Communi[ty 
shaii separate from all the men] of injustice... He shall not touch the 
purity of the men [of hoiinejss and shall not eat with (them) [in 
community. And no] one of the men of the Community [shaii follow] their 
decision in any [doctrine] and judgement. And ... of work. No one from 
the men of holiness shaii eat ... [And] they shall not lean upon [work]s of 
vanity for they are aii vanity who [do not know His Covenant and aii 
who despisje His word He will blot them out from the world. Aii their 
deeds are defiieme[nt] be[fore Him and aiji [their property unclean.] ... 
Gentiies(?) and they pronounce oaths and execrations and vows. [But 
when a man enters the Covenant according to aii these precepts, that 
he may be joined to the hjoiy [Congregation,] they [shaii examine their 
spirit in community,] am[ong themselves] con[cerning their 
understanding] II (1QS v, 21-Vi, 7) and their practice of the Law under 
the authority of the sons of Aaron who have freely pledged themselves 
to restore His Covenant and heed to aii the precepts commanded by 
Him to be practised by the multitude of Israel who have freely pledged 
themselves to return in common. They shaii be inscribed in the order, 
one after another, each according to his understanding and his deeds 
in the Law, that aii may obey one another, the man of lesser rank the 
greater. And they shaii examine their spirit and their deeds in the Law 
yearly so that each man may be advanced in accordance with [his] 
un[derstanding] or moved down in accordance with his aberrations. 
They shall rebuke one another (in) loving-kindness. Let no man 
address his companion with anger or ill-temper or wicked envy. Also 
let no man accuse his companion before tfie Congregation without 



having rebuked him before \/vitnesses. These are the ways in which all 
of them shall wall<, each man with his companion, wtierever they dwell. 
[The man of lesser rank] shall ob[ey] the greater in matters of work and 
pro[perty. And they shall e]at [in common] and bless In common and 
dellbera[te] in common. [Arxl wherever there are ten] III (1 QS VI, 7-1 0) 
men of [the Council of the Community, there shall not lack] a pri[est 
from ajmong them. [And] they [shall sit, each m]an according to his 
rank, [before him arxJ sliall be asked their counsel in all things in that 
order] And when [the table has been prepared for eating or the n]ew 
wine [for drinking, the] priest shall [be first to stretch out his hand to 
bless the firstfruit of the bread] and of the wine. [And where the ten are, 
there shall never lack a man among them who shall study the Law day 
and night. And the Congregation shall w]atch [for one third of every 
night of the year, to read the Book] IV ... V (IS VII, 13) ... [and whoever 
draws] his hand from be[neath his garment] ...VI (1QS VIII, 6-21) ... 
[and] to pay to the wicked [their reward. It shaii be a tried waii, that 
precious corner-stone whose foundations shaii not rock nor sway from] 
their [pl]ace; (it shall be) a most holy dweiiing-piace [for Aaron, with the 
knowledge of them all of a covenant of justice and of the offering of 
fragrance; (it shall be) a house of perfection and truth for lsrae]l to 
establish a covenant according to the everlasting precepts. 

[They shall be an acceptance to atone for the land and to determine 
the judgement of wickedness with no injustice (any more). When these 
have been confirmed in the foujndation of the Community for two 
years, [in perfection of way they shall be separated as holy within the 
council of the men] of the Communi[ty And anything hidden from Isjrael 
but discovered by the man [who interprets, he shall not conceal it from 
them for fear of the spirit of apostasy.] And when these become (part 
of) the Community/in Israel, they shall separate fr[om the midst of the 
habitation] of the men [of injustice to go into the wilderness to prepare 
there the way of HIM (or: {the truth} (4Q259). This is the study of the 
La]w which He has commanded by the ha[nd of Moses, to prajctise all 
[that has been revealed from age to age, and as the prophets have 
revealed by His holy spirit. And no ma]n from the men of the covenant 
of the [Community who turns aside from any commandment 
deliberately stiall touch the purity of tiie men of holiness, nor shall he 



know any of their counsel until tils deeds are purified from all injustice 
so tliat lie wall<s in perfection of way. And tiiey siiaii admit iiim to tine 
council by tine decision of the Congregation and afterwards he shall be 
inscribed in his rank. And this rule (shaii apply) to everyone who 
attaches himself] to the Community. [And these are the rules which the 
men of tioliness shall follow, one regarding another] Everyone who 
[enters the council of the Community] ...VII (1QS VII, 24-iX, 10, 15) ... 
they shall exclude him from purity and from council and from judgement 
for tw[o year]s and he shaii retum to study and to council if he fias not 
committed again a sin by inadvertence for two fuii years. For one sin of 
inadvertence he shaii do penance for two years, and for a deliberately 
committed sin he shaii return no more. But he shaii be tried for two 
[yjears concerning the perfection of his way and for his counsel 
according to the decision of the Congregation and he shaii be 
inscribed in his rank in the Community of holiness. [When] these 
[become part] of the Community in Israel according to these rules, they 
shaii [es]tabiish the spirit of hoiiness as eternal truth. They shaii atone 
for guilty rebeiiion [and the sin of unfaithfui]ness and shaii gain (divine) 
acceptance for the ian[d without the flesh] of holocausts and the fat of 
sacrifices and offerings. And the cor[r]ect free-will gift of the lips shaii 
be like a fragrance [of righteousness and the perfection] of the way like 
the free-will offerin[g of ajgreeabie [tribute]. And at that time they shaii 
separate a house of Aaron for hoiiness for ail [ ] of God [and a house of 
Community for is]raei who walk in perfe[ction. Oniy the sons of Aajron 
[shaii comm]a[nd in matters of jujstice and property And the property 
[of the men of hoiiness who wajik in perfection, let [their property] not 
be mer[ged with] the property [of the men of falsehood] who have not 
confir[med their way to separate from aii] e[vii things] so as to waik in 
[the way of perfection. Let them not depart from any counsel of the 
Law] and they shaii be judged by the [primitive precepts in which the 
men of the Community began to be instructed. He shaii perform the 
judgement of every man according to his spirit and he shaii admit him 
according to the cleanness of his hands] VIII (1QS iX, 15-x, 3) and 
shaii advance him according to his understanding, and so shaii be his 
love and his hatred. Furthermore he shaii not rebuke a man and shaii 
not dispute with the men of the pit. IHe shall conceal his counsel among 



the men of injustice, but he shaii impart tnje knowledge and righteous 
judgement to those who have chosen the way, to each according to his 
spirit and according to the rule of the age, [guiding the]m with 
l<nowiedge. And thus shall he instruct them in the mysteries of marvei 
and truth among the men of the Community that they may walk in 
perfection each man with [his fellow in all that has been] revealed to 
them. This is the time for the preparation of the way into the 
wilderness. He shall instruct them in all that is to be done in that time. 

[And he shall separate] from every man who has not tumed away 
from all injustice. And these are the njles of conduct for the Master in 
[those] ti[mes] [with respect to his loving and] hating. Everlasting hatred 
for the men of the pit in a spirit of secrecy. He shall leave to them 
property and gain [and the earnings of toil like a slave to] his [lojrd and 
the poor man to his master. Each shall be zealous for the precept and 
his time shall become a day [of revenge.] He shall [perform the will (of 
God) in all his actions and in aljl his dominion a[s He has commanded. 
And a]ll that befalls him, he shall enjoy as a free gift and without the will 
[of GOD] [he shall not enjoy (anything). He shall delight in all the words 
of His mouth and shall desire nothing that He has] n[ot commanded. 
And] he shall watch al[ways for the judgemenjt of GOD [ ] and he shall 
bless his Maker and in all that befalls he shall declare [ ] and with the 
offering of the lips he shall bless Him at [the times which He has 
decreed. At the beginning of the dominion of light ajnd the c[ompletion 
of Its circuit when It retjires to [Its] appointed dwelling at the beginning 
[of the watches of darkness. When He opens its storehouse and 
spreads It out and at the completion of its circuit when it retires befjore 
the light. When [the heavenly lights] shine out [from the a]bode [of His 
holiness together with their withdrawal to the dwelling of glory. At the 
entry of seasons according to the new moon as well as their 
completion of their circuit when one succeeds to the other]; IX (1QS x, 
4-12) at their renewal there Is a great day for the Holy of Holies and a 
sign for the opening of the everlasting mercies at the beginning of the 
seasons for ail ages to come. At the beginning of the months for their 
seasons and on the holy days according to their rules for 
remembrance in [their] seasons, i will bless Him [with the offering of the 
ijips according to the precept [en]graved for ever. At the beginning of 



the years and at the cxsmpletion of the circ[uit of their seasons, when 
they ful]fil their determined precept on the day decreed for one to foilow 
another, the seas[on of early harvest the summer, and the season of 
so]wing the season of grass, the seasons of the ye[ar]s thei[r] weel<s 
[and at the beginning of] theirweel<s the seasons of jubilee. And during 
aii my existence the [en]graved precept shaii be on [my tongue as a 
fruit] of praise and a po[rtion] of my iips. I wiii sin[g] with l<nowledge and 
aii my music is for the giory of GOD. [And i wiii] stril<e my iyre to the 
order [of His lioliness and the pipe of my iips i will] tune to [His r]ight 
measure. [At the coming] of the day [and the n]ight I wiii errter the 
covenant [of GOD and at the departure of evening and moming I wiii 
recite His precepts. And in them wiii i re-establish [my boundaries 
without return, i will deciare His judgement correct concerning] my 
[transjgression [and] my [rebeljlion shaii be before my eyes [as an 
engraved precept. And I say to GOD, 'IVIy righteousness' and to the 
IVIost High, 'Ajuthor of my goodness', 'Fountain of Knowledge' and 
'Source of Holiness', 'Summit of Glory and 'Almighty Eternal Majesty'. 
I will choose] X (1QS x, 12-18) that which He teaches [me and I will 
delight in His judgement of me. Before I move my hands] and feet I will 
bless [His name and before I lift my hand to grow fat from] the pleasant 
pro[duce of the world. At the beginning of fear and dread and in the 
abode of distress] a[nd desolation, I will confess (His) marvel and I will 
meditate on His might and on His mercies] I will lea[n all day long. I 
know that in His hand is the judgement of all the living and all His 
deeds are truth.] When [distress] sta[rts I will praise Him and I will exalt 
Him for His salvation. And I will not pay] an [evil] reward [to a man; I will 
pursue him with goodness. For the judgement of all the living is with 
GOD, and He] will repay [man his reward ... ]XI ...XII (1QS XI, 7) ... 
[and He has caused] them [to inherjit the l[ot of the Holy Ones] ... XIII 
(1QS XI, 14-15) ... [He will ajtone [for all] my sins. [Through His 
righteousness He will cleanse me of the uncleanness of man and from 
the sins of the childjren of m[en that I may confess to God] His 
righ[teousness] ... 



4QS«=4Q259 



Three fragmentary columns of a leather scroll contain damaged 
sections of 1 QS VII-IX. The text translated comes from columns II and III 
and represents an important doctrinal section of 1QS (VIII, 4-IX, II) in an 
abridged form. Not only are some of the interlinear additions to 1QS 
absent, suggesting their later editorial nature, but4QS® (4Q259) jumps 
from 1QS VIII, 15 to IX, 12, thus omitting among other things the 
mention of the 'Prophet and the Messiahs of Aaron and Israel' (1QS 
IX, II). It would seem that the copyist of this manuscript substituted 
4Q319 (the calendric document oi Otot) for the text corresponding to 
1QS X-XI. 

For the editio princeps, see P. S. Alexander and G. Vermes, DJD, 
XXVI, 129-52. 

II (1QS VII, 20-VIII, 10) ... And when [he has] completed] [two years, 
the Congregation shall consider his case arKi he shall be Inscribed in] 
his [ran]k and afterwards he may question [concerning the law. And 
anyone who has been In the Cojuncll of the Community until he has 
completed [ten years, and then his spirit turned back so that he has 
betrayed the Community and has departed from] the Congregation to 
walk [in the stubbornness of his heart, he shall return no more to the 
Council of the Community. And any of the m]en of the Community who 
[has shared with him his purity or his property], his sentence shall be 
[like his: he shall be expelled. In the Council of the Community there 
shall be twelve m]en [and] three priests, [perfect in all that has been 
revealed from the whole Law to practise] truth, righteousness and 
justice [loving-kindness and modesty towards one another. They shall 
preserve fjaith in the land with steadfastness and with humility [arxJ a 
brojken [spirit.] And they shall atone for in[iquity by the practice of 
justice and the distress of tejsting. They shall walk with all men[ by the 
standard] of truth, by the mle [of the time. When these are In] Israel, the 
Council of the Community shall be established [to be an] everlasting 
plantation, a House of Holiness for Israel and an Assembly] of 



Supreme Holiness for Aaron. They shall be witnesses of the truth at the 
Judgement, and shall be the elect of good [will who atone for] the Lan[d 
and pay] to the wicked their reward. It shall be the tried wall, [that 
precious] cor[ner-stone. They shall] ne[ither rock, no]r sway from their 
place (tea. xxviii, 16). It shall be a m[ost] Holy Dwelling for Aar[on f]or a 
Covenan[t of justice to offer up sweet] fragrance. It shall be a House of 
Perfection and Truth in [Israel that they may establish a Covenant 
according to the e\/erlast]ing [precepts.] When they have been 
confirmed III (IQS VIII, 11-15; IX, 12 ...) [for two years in the perfection 
of way in the Foundation of the Community they shall be set apart] as 
holy within the Council of the men [of the Community And] the 
interpreter shall not con[c]eal [from them, out of fear of the spirit of 
apostasy any of those things hidden from Israel which have been 
discover]ed by him. [And when] these shall become the Community 
they shall separate fro[m the habitation [of unjust men and shall] go 
into the wil[derness to prepare there thje way of the Truth; a[s] it is 
written, [In the wldemes]s prfepare the my of... (?), make strai\ght in 
the desert a path for our God (Isa. xl, 3). This (path) is [the study of the 
Law which] He commanded by the hand of Moses. (The manuscript 
omits the section corresponding to IQS VIII, 15b to ix, 11, and 
continues with ix, 12 on the same line.) These are the pre[cepts in 
which] the Mas[ter shall walk] in his commerce with all the living, 
according to the rule proper to every season and according to the 
wort[h of every man]. 



Entry into the Covenant 



(4Q275) 



Previously called 4QTohorot B^, this tiny fragment represents a 
document describing the entry into the Covenant, known from the 
Community Rule (1QS), and alludes to a festival in the third month, i.e. 
the Feast of Weeks of Pentecost, when according to one of the Cave 
4 manuscripts of the Damascus Document (40266) the Qumran 
Covenant renewal took place. 

For the editio princeps, see P. S. Alexander and G. Vermes, DJD, 
XXVI, 200—16. 

[And the Guardian will come] and the elders with him until... and they 
shall enter by genealogy... And the Guardian shall [curse (the 
unrepentant), saying 'Be damned without] mercy. [Let him be cur]sed 
And he will remove him] from his inheritance for ev[er] ... wlien he 
visits destruction ... 



Four Classes of the Community 



(4Q279) 



Formerly known as 4QTohorot D^, this fragment is one of three small 
scraps which have partly preserved the division of the Community into 
four lots or classes, already known from CD XIV, 5-6, viz. Priests, 
Levites, Israelites and Proselytes. 

For the editio princeps, see P. S. Alexander and G. Vermes, DJD, 
XXVI, 217-23. 

... [The first] lot belongs [to the Pries]ts, the sons of Aaron [and the 
second lot to the Levites ranked in order] each according to his spirit. 
And the [third] lo[t will belong to the children of Israel in order each 
according to his spirit. And] the fourth lot will belong to the Prosely[tes] 



The Damascus Document 



(CD, 4Q265-73, 5Q12, 6Q15) 



Extensive fragments of the Dannascus Document have been 
recovered from three of the Qumran caves (4Q265-73, 5Q12=CD IX, 
7-10, 6Q15=CD IV, 19-21, V, 13-14, v, l-VI, 2, VI, 20-VII, I plus a text 
unparalleled in CD), but two incomplete medieval copies of this 
document had been found already many years earlier, in 1896-7, 
amongst a mass of discarded manuscripts in a storeroom (genizah) of 
an old Cairo synagogue. Published in 1910 by S. Schechter 
(Fragments of a Zadokite Work, Cambridge), they were reprinted with 
a new Prolegomenon by J. A. Fitzmyer in 1970, re-edited by Chaim 
Rabin under the title The Zadokite Documents (Oxford, 1954) and in 
the light of the 4Q fragments by M. Broshi, The Damascus Document 
Reconsidered, Jerusalem, 1992. Cf also J. M. Baumgarten et al. in J. 
H. Charlesworth et al., eds., The DSS ll:Damascus Document.., 
1 995, 4-79. For the editio princeps, see J. M. Baumgarten, DJD, XVIII, 
1996. 

Dating from the tenth and twelfth centuries respectively the 
manuscripts found in Cairo - Manuscript A and Manuscript B - raise a 
certain number of textual problems in that they present two different 
versions of the original composition. I have settled the difficulty as 
satisfactorily as I can by following Manuscript A, to which the 4Q 
fragments correspond, and by inserting the Manuscript B variants in 
brackets or footnotes. At a certain point, as the reader will see. 
Manuscript A comes to an end and we then have to rely entirely on 
Manuscript B. Furthermore, two of the Cave 4 manuscripts (4Q266 
and 268) show that page 1 of the Cairo document was preceded by 
another section of which both the beginning and the end have survived. 
Also 4Q266 and 270 indicate that in antiquity the text corresponding to 
CD IX, 1 was preceded by CD XVI. In the translation i have therefore 



rearranged the order of the pages and placed pages xv and XVI 
before page ix. 

The title 'Damascus Document' derives from the references in the 
Exhortation to the 'New Covenant' made 'in the larxJ of Damascus'. 
The significance of this phrase is discussed in Chapter III together with 
the chronological data included in the manuscript. They suggest that 
the document was written in about 100 BCE and this hypothesis is 
indirectly supported by the absence of any mention in the historical 
passages of the Kittim (Romans) whose invasion of the Orient did not 
take place until after 70 BCE. 

The work is divided into an Exhortation and a list of Statutes. In the 
Exhortation, the preacher - probably a Guardian of the Community - 
addresses his 'sons' on the themes of the sect's teaching, many of 
which appear also in the Community Rule. His aim is to encourage the 
sectaries to remain faithful, and with this end in view he sets out to 
demonstrate from the history of Israel and the Community that fidelity is 
always rewarded and apostasy chastised. 

During the course of his argument, the author of the Damascus 
Document frequently interprets biblical passages in a most 
unexpected way I have mentioned one of these commentaries on the 
marriage laws in Chapter IV (pp. 69-70), but there is another intricate 
exposition of Amos v, 26-7 on p. 135 which may not be easy to 
understand. 

In the Bible these verses convey a divine threat: the Israelites were 
to take themseives and their idols into exile: 'You shall take up Sakkuth 
your king and Kaiwan your star-god, your images which you made for 
yourselves, for I will take you into exile beyond Damascus.' But the 
Damascus Document transforms this threat into a promise of 
salvation; by changing certain words in the biblical text and omitting 
others its version reads: 'I will exile the tabernacle of your king and the 
bases of your statues from my tent to Damascus.' 

In this new text, the three key phrases are interpreted symbolically as 
follows: 'tabernacle' = 'Books of the Law'; 'king' = 'congregation'; 
'bases of statues' = 'Books of the Prophets'. Thus: 'The Books of the 
Law are the tabernacle of the king; as God said, / wll raise up the 
tabernacle of David viJiich is fallen (Amos ix, 11). The king is the 



congregation; and the bases of the statues are the Books of the 
Prophets whose sayings Israel despised.' 

The omission of any reference to the 'star-god' is made good by 
introducing a very different 'Star', the messianic 'Interpreter of the Law' 
with his companion the 'Prince of the congregation'. 'The star is the 
Interpreter of the Law who shall come to Damascus; as it is written, A 
star shall come forth out of Jacob and a sceptre shall rise out of 
Israel (Num. xxiv, 17). The sceptre is the Prince of the whole 
congregation...' 

The second part of the Damascus Document, the Statutes, consists 
of a collection of laws which mostly reflect a sectarian reinterpretation 
of the biblical commandments relative to vows and oaths, tribunals, 
purification, the Sabbath and the distinction between ritual purity and 
impurity They are followed by rules concerned with the institutions and 
organization of the Community. Some of the particular laws of the 
Damascus Rule appear also in the Temple Scroll (cf p. 192). 

Whereas the Exhortation represents a literary genre adopted by 
both Jewish and Christian religious teachers (e.g. the Letter to the 
Hebrews), the methodical grouping of the Statutes prefigures that of 
the Mishnah, the oldest extant Jewish code. 

The Statutes as they appear in the Qumran fragments include the 
form of the ritual for the Feast of the Renewal of the Covenant, so it 
may be assumed that the entire Damascus Document was originally 
connected with that festival. 4Q266, as will be seen presently 
specifies that it occurred in the third month, i.e. that it coincided with 
the Feast of Weeks, celebrated on the fifteenth day of the third month 
according to the sect's calendar. 

The translation of those Cave 4 fragments which are additional to 
CD will follow the presentation of the Cairo manuscripts. 



The Exhortation 

I Listen nowll all you who know righteousness, and consider the works 
of God; for He has a dispute with all flesh and will condemn all those 



who despise Him. 

For when they were unfaithful and forsool< Him, He hid His face from 
Israel and His Sanctuary and delivered them up to the sword. But 
remembering the Covenant of the forefathers, He left a remnant to 
Israel and did not deliver it up to be destroyed. And in the age of wrath, 
three hundred and ninety years after He had given them into the hand 
of King Nebuchadnezzar of Babylon, He visited them, and He caused 
a plant root to spring from Israel and Aaron to inherit His Land and to 
prosper on the good things of His earth. And they perceived their 
iniquity and recognized that they were guilty men, yet for twenty years 
they were like blind men groping for the way. 

And God observed their deeds, that they sought Him with a whole 
heart, and He raised for them a Teacher of Righteousness to guide 
them in the way of His heart. And he made known to the latter 
generations that which God had done to the latter generation, the 
congregation of traitors, to those who departed from the way This was 
the time of which it is written. Like a stubborn heifer tlius was Israel 
stubborn (Hos. iv. 16), when the Scoffer arose who shed over Israel 
the waters of lies. He caused them to wander in a pathless wilderness, 
laying low the everlasting heights, abolishing the ways of 
righteousness and removing the boundary with which the forefathers 
had marked out their inheritance, that he might call down on them the 
curses of His Covenant and deliver them up to the avenging sword of 
the Covenant. For they sought smooth things and preferred illusions 
(Isa. XXX, 10) and they watched for breaks (Isa. xxx, 13) and chose the 
fair neck; and they justified the wicked and condemned the just, and 
they transgressed the Covenant and violated the Precept. They 
banded together against the life of the righteous (Ps. xciv, 21) and 
loathed all who walked in perfection; they pursued them with the sword 
and exulted in the strife of the people. And the anger of God was 
kindled against II their congregation so that He ravaged all their 
multitude; and their deeds were defilement before Him. 

Hear now, all you who enter the Covenant, and I will unstop your ears 
concerning the ways of the wicked.Z^ 

God loves knowledge. Wisdom and understanding He has set 
before Him, and prudence and knowledge serve Him. Patience and 



much forgiveness are with Him towards those who turn from 
transgression; but power, might, and great flaming wrath by the hand of 
all the Angels of Destruction towards those who depart from the way 
and abhor the Precept. They shall have no remnant or survivor. For 
from the beginning God chose them not; He knew their deeds before 
ever they were created and He hated their generations, and He hid His 
face from the Land until they were consumed. For He knew the years 
of their coming and the length and exact duration of their times for all 
ages to come and throughout eternity He knew the happenings of their 
times throughout all the everlasting years. And in all of them He raised 
for Himself men called by nameZ^ that a remnant might be left to the 
Land, and that the face of the earth might be filled with their seed. And 
He made known His Holy Spirit to them by the hand of His anointed 
ones, and He proclaimed the truth (to them). But those whom He hated 
He led astray. 

Hear now, my sons, and I will uncover your eyes that you may see 
and understand the works of God, that you may choose that which 
pleases Him and reject that which He hates, that you may walk 
perfectly in all His ways and not follow after thoughts of the guilty 
inclination and after eyes of lust. For through them, great men have 
gone astray and mighty heroes have stumbled from former times till 
now. Because they walked in the stubbornness of their heart the 
Heavenly Watchers fell; they were caught because they did not keep 
the commandments of God. And their sons also fell who were tall as 
cedar trees and whose bodies were like mountains. All flesh on dry 
land perished; they were as though they had never been because they 
did their own will and did not keep the commandment of their Maker so 
that His wrath was kindled against them. Ill Through it, the children of 
Noah went astray together with their kin, and were cut off. Abraham 
did not walk in it, and he was accounted a friend of God because he 
kept the commandments of God and did not choose his own will. And 
he handed them down to Isaac and Jacob, who kept them, and were 
recorded as friends of God and party to the Covenant for ever The 
children of Jacob strayed through them and were punished in 
accordance with their error And their sons in Egypt walked in the 
stubbornness of their hearts, conspiring against the commandments of 



God and each of them doing that which seemed right in his own eyes. 
They ate blood, and l-le cut off their males in the wildemess. And at 
Kadesh He said to them, Go up and possess the land (Deut. ix, 23). 
But they chose their own will and did not heed the voice of their Maker, 
the commands of their Teacher, but murmured in their tents; and the 
anger of God was l<indled against their congregation. Through it their 
sons perished, and through it their kings were cut off; through it their 
mighty heroes perished and through it their land was ravaged. Through 
it the first members of the Covenant sinned arKi were delivered up to 
the sword, because they forsook the Covenant of God and chose their 
own will and walked in the stubbomness of their hearts, each of them 
doing his own will. 

But with the remnant which held fast to the commandments of God 
He made His Covenant with Israel for ever, revealing to them the 
hidden things in which all Israel had gone astray. He unfolded before 
them His holy Sabbaths and his glorious feasts, the testimonies of His 
righteousness and the ways of His truth, and the desires of His will 
which a man must do in order to live. And they dug a well rich in water; 
and he who despises it shall not live. Yet they wallowed In the sin of 
man and in ways of uncleanness, and they said. This is our (way).' But 
God, in His wonderful mysteries, forgave them their sin and pardoned 
their wickedness; and He built them a sure house in Israel whose like 
has never existed from former times till now. Those who hold fast to it 
are destined to live for ever and all the glory of Adam shall be theirs. 
As God ordained for them by the hand of the Prophet Ezeklel, saying. 
The Priests, the Levites, and the sons IV of Zadok v\ho kept the 
charge of my sanctuary vtien the children of Israel strayed from me, 
they shall offer me fat and blood (Ezek. xliv, 1 5). 

The Priests are the converts of Israel who departed from the land of 
Judah, and (the Levites are) those who joined them. The sons of 
Zadok are the elect of Israel, the men called by name who shall stand 
at the end of days. Behold the exact list of their names according to 
their generations, and the time when they lived, and the number of their 
trials, and the years of their sojourn, and the exact list of their deeds... 

(They were the first men) of holiness whom God forgave, and who 
justified the righteous and condemned the wicked. And until the age is 



completed, according to the number of those years, all who enter after 
them shall do according to that Interpretation of the Law In which the 
first (men) were instructed. According to the Covenant which God 
made with the forefathers, forgiving their sins, so shall He forgive their 
sins also. But when the age Is completed, according to the number of 
those years, there shall be no more joining the house of Judah, but 
each man shall stand on his watch-tower: The mil is built, the 
boundary far removed {M\c. vll, II). 

During all those years Belial shall be unleashed against Israel, as IHe 
spoke by the hand of Isaiah, son of Amoz, saying, Terror and the pit 
and the snare are upon you, O inhabitant of the land (tea. xxiv, 17). 
Interpreted, these are the three nets of Belial with which Levi son of 
Jacob said that he catches Israel by setting them up as three kinds of 
righteousness. The first Is fornication, the second Is riches, and the 
third Is profanation of the Temple. Whoever escapes the first Is caught 
In the second, and whoever saves himself from the second Is caught In 
the third (Isa. xxlv, 18). 

The 'builders of the wall' (Ezek. xili, 10) who have followed after 
'Precept' - 'Precept' was a spouter of whom It is written, They shall 
surely spout (M\c. II, 6) - shall be caught In fornication twice by taking a 
second wife while the first Is alive, whereas the principle of creation Is, 
Male and female created He them (Gen. I, 27)' V Also, those who 
entered the Ark went in two by two. And concerning the prince it Is 
written, He shall not multiply wves to himself {DeiA. xvll, 17); but 
David had not read the sealed book of the Law which was In the ark 
(of the Covenant), for It was not opened In Israel from the death of 
Eleazar and Joshua, and the elders who worshipped Ashtoreth. It was 
hidden and (was not) revealed until the coming of Zadok. And the 
deeds of David rose up, except for the murder of Uriah, and God left 
them to him. 

Moreover, they profane the Temple because they do not observe the 
distinction (between clean and unclean) In accordance with the Law, 
but He with a woman who sees her bloody discharge. 

And each man marries the daughter of his brother or sister, whereas 
Moses said , You shall not approach your mother's sister; she Is your 
mothers near kin (Lev. xviii, 13). But although the laws against Incest 



are written for men, they also apply to women. When, therefore, a 
brother's daughter uncovers the nakedness of her father's brother, she 
Is (also his) near kin. 

Furthermore, they defile their holy spirit and open their mouth with a 
blaspheming tongue against the laws of the Covenant of God saying, 
'They are not sure.' They speak abominations concerning them; they 
are all kindlers of fire and lighters of brands (Isa. 1, 11), their \/\ebs 
are spiders'mbs and their eggs are vipers' eggs (Isa. lix, 5). No man 
that approaches them shall be free from guilt; the more he does so, the 
guiltier shall he be, unless he is pressed. For (already) in ancient times 
God visited their deeds and His anger was kindled against their 
works; foritis a people of no discernment {\sa. xxvii, II), it is a nation 
void of counsel inasmuch as there is no discernment in them (Deut. 
xxxii, 28). For in ancient times, Moses and Aaron arose by the hand of 
the Prince of Lights and Belial in his cunning raised up Jannes and his 
brother when Israel was first delivered.!^ 

And at the time of the desolation of the land there arose removers of 
the bound who led Israel astray And the land was ravaged because 
they preached rebellion against the commandments of God given by 
the hand of Moses and VI of His holy anointed ones, and because they 
prophesied lies to turn Israel away from following God. But God 
remembered the Covenant with the forefathers, and he raised from 
Aaron men of discernment and from Israel men of wisdom, and He 
caused them to hear And they dug the Well:Z? the well vJhich the 
princes dug, vtiich the nobles of the people delved vith the stave 
(Num. xxi, 18). 

The Well is the Law, and those who dug it were the converts of Israel 
who went out of the land of Judah to sojourn in the land of Damascus. 
God called them all princes because they sought Him, and their 
renown was disputed by no man. The Stave is the Interpreter of the 
Law of whom Isaiah said. He makes a tool for His mrk (Isa. liv, 16); 
and the nobles of the people are those who come to dig the Well with 
the staves with which the Stave ordained that they should walk in all the 
age of wickedness - and without them they shall find nothing - until he 
comes who shall teach righteousness at the end of days. 

None of those brought into the Covenant shall enter the Temple to 



light His altar in vain. They shali bar the door, forasmuch as God said, 
Who among you wll bar its door? And , You shall not light my altar in 
vain {Ma\. i, 10). They shall take care to act according to ttie exact 
interpretation of the Law during the age of wickedness. They shall 
separate from the sons of the Pit, and shall keep away from the 
unclean riches of wickedness acquired by vow or anathema or from 
the Temple freasure; they shall not rob the poor of His people, to make 
of widows their prey and of the fetheriess their victim (Isa. x, 2). They 
shall distinguish between clean and unclean, and shall proclaim the 
difference between holy and profane. They shall keep the Sabbath day 
according to its exact interpretation, and the feasts and the Day of 
Fasting according to the firxJing of the members of the New Covenant 
in the land of Damascus. They shall set aside the holy things according 
to the exact teaching conceming them. They shall love each man his 
brother as himself; they shall succour the poor, the needy, and the 
stranger. 

A man shall seek his brother's well-being VII and shall not sin 
against his near kin. They shall keep from fornication according to the 
statute. They shall rebuke each man his brother according to the 
commandment and shall bear no rancour from one day to the next. 
They shall keep apart from every uncleanness according to the 
statutes relating to each one, and no man shall defile his holy spirit 
since God has set them apart. For all who walk in these (precepts) in 
perfect holiness, according to all the teaching of God, the Covenant of 
God shall be an assurance that they shall live for thousands of 
generations (MS. B: as it is written. Keeping the Covenant and grace 
wth those m/70 love me and keep my commandments, to a thousand 
generations, Deut. vii, 9). 

And if they live in camps according to the rule of the Land (MS. B: as 
it was from ancient times), marrying (MS. B: according to the custom 
of the Law) and begetting children, they shall walk according to the 
Law and according to the statute concerning binding vows, according 
to the rule of the Law which says, Bet\/\een a man and his wfe and 
between a father and his son (Num. xxx, 17). And all those who 
despise (MS. B: the commandments and the statutes) shall be 
rewarded with the retribution of the wicked when God shall visit the 



Land, when the saying shall come to pass which is written_ among the 
words of the Prophet Isaiah son of Amoz: He viill bring upon you, and 
upon your people, and upon your father's house, days such as have 
not come since the day that Ephraim departed from Judah (Isa. vii, 
17). When the two houses of Israel were divided, Ephraim departed 
from Judah. And all the apostates were given up to the sword, but 
those who held fast escaped to the land of the north; as God said, / wii 
exiie the tabernacle of your king and the bases of your statues from 
my tent to Damascus (Amos v, 26-7) 

The Books of the Law are the tabernacle of the king; as God said, / 
wll raise up the tabemacle of David vJiich is fallen (Amos ix, II). The 
king is the congregation; and the bases of the statues are the Books 
of the Prophets whose sayings Israel despised. The star is the 
Interpreter of the Law who shall come to Damascus; as it is written, A 
star shall come forth out of Jacob and a sceptre shall hse out of Israel 
(Num. xxiv, 17). The sceptre is the Prince of the whole congregation, 
and when he comes he shall smite all the children ofSeth (Num. xxiv, 
17). 

At the time of the former Visitation they were saved, whereas the 
apostates VIII were given up to the sword; and so shall it be for all the 
members of His Covenant who do not hold steadfastly to these (MS. B: 
to the curse of the precepts). They shall be visited for destruction by 
the hand of Belial. That shall be the day when God will visit. (MS. B: As 
He said,) The princes of Judah have become (MS. B: like those v\ho 
remove the bound); wath shall be poured upon them (Hos. v, 10). 
For they shall hope for healing but He will crush them. They are all of 
them rebels, for they?^ have not turned from the way of traitors but have 
wallowed in the ways of whoredom and wicked wealth. They have 
taken revenge and borne malice, every man against his brother, and 
every man has hated his fellow, and every man has sinned against his 
near kin, and has approached for unchastity, and has acted arrogantly 
for the sake of riches and gain. And every man has done that which 
seemed right in his eyes and has chosen the stubbornness of his 
heart. They have not kept apart from the people (MS. B: and their sin) 
and have wilfully rebelled by walking in the ways of the wicked of whom 
God said. Their vine is the venom of serpents, the cruel poison (or 



head) of asps (Deut. xxxii, 33). 

The serpents are the kings of the peoples and their w/ne is their 
ways. And the head of asps is the chief of the kings of Greece who 
came to wreak vengeance upon them. But all these things the builders 
of the mil and those who daub it wth plaster {Ezek. xiii, 10) have not 
understood because a follower of the wind, one who raised storms and 
rained down lies, had preached to them (Mic. ii, 11), against all of 
whose assembly the anger of God was kindled. 

And as for that which Moses said. You enter to possess these 
nations not because of your righteousness or the uprightness of your 
hearts (Deut. ix, 5) but because God loved your fathers and kept the 
oath (Deut. vii, 8), thus shall it be with the converts of Israel who depart 
from the way of the people. Because God loved the first (men) who^ 
testified in His favour, so will He love those who come after them, for 
the Covenant of the fathers is theirs. But He hated the builders of the 
v\bII and His anger was kindled (MS. B: against them and against all 
those who followed them); and so shall it be for all who reject the 
commandments of God and abandon them for the stubbornness of 
their hearts. This is the word which Jeremiah spoke to Baruch son of 
Neriah, and which Elisha spoke to his servant Gehazi. 

None of the men who enter the New Covenant in the land of 
Damascus, (B I) and who again betray it and depart from the fountain 
of living waters, shall be reckoned with the Council of the people or 
inscribed in its Book from the day of the gathering in (B II) of the 
Teacher of the Community until the coming of the Messiah out of Aaron 
and Israel. 

And thus shall it be for every man who enters the congregation of 
men of perfect holiness but faints in performing the duties of the 
upright. He is a man who has melted in the furnace (Ezek. xxii, 22); 
when his deeds are revealed he shall be expelled from the 
congregation as though his lot had never fallen among the disciples of 
God. The men of knowledge shall rebuke him in accordance with his 
sin against the time when he shall stand again before the Assembly of 
the men of perfect holiness. But when his deeds are revealed, 
according to the interpretation of the Law in which the men of perfect 
holiness walk, let no man defer to him with regard to money or work. 



for all the Holy Ones of the Most High have cursed him. 

And thus shall It be for all among the first and the last who reject (the 
precepts), who set Idols upon their hearts and walk In the 
stubbornness of their hearts; they shall have no share in the house of 
the Law. They shall be judged In the same manner as their 
companions were judged wtx) deserted to the Scoffer. For they have 
spoi<en wrongly against the precepts of righteousness, and have 
despised the Covenant and the Pact - the New Covenant - which they 
made in the land of Damascus. Neither they nor their kin shall have any 
part in the house of the Law. 

From the day of the gathering in of the Teacher of the Community 
until the end of ail the men of war who deserted to the Liar there shall 
pass about forty years (Deut. 11, 14). And during that age the wrath of 
God shall be kindled against Israel; as He said. There shall be no 
king, no prince, no judge, no man to rebuke wth justice (Hos. Ill, 4). 
But those who turn from the sin of Jacob, who keep the Covenant of 
God, shall then speak each man to his fellow, to justify each man his 
brother, that their step may take the way of God. And God will heed 
their words and will hear, and a Book of Reminder shall be written 
before Him of them that fear God and worship His Name, against the 
time when salvation and righteousness shall be revealed to them that 
fear God. And then shall you distinguish once more between the just 
and the wcked, between one that serves God and one that serves 
Him not (Mai. iii, 1 8); and He wll showloving-kindness to thousands, 
to them that love Him and mtch for Him, for a thousand generations 
(Exod. XX, 6). 

And every member of the House of Separation who went out of the 
Holy City and leaned on God at the time when Israel sinned and defiled 
the Temple, but returned again to the way of the people in small 
matters, shall be judged according to his spirit in the Council of 
Holiness. But when the glory of God is made manifest to Israel, all 
those members of the Covenant who have breached the bound of the 
Law shall be cut off from the midst of the camp, and with them all those 
who condemned Judah in the days of its trials. 

But all those who hold fast to these precepts, going and coming in 
accordance with ttie Law, who heed ttie voice of the Teactier and 



confess before God, (saying), 'Truly we have sinned, we and our 
fatfiers, by wall<ing counter to the precepts of the Covenant, Thy 
judgements upon us are justice and truth'; who do not lift their hand 
against His holy precepts or His righteous statutes or His true 
testimonies; who have learned from the former judgements by which 
the members of the Community were judged; who have listened to the 
voice of the Teacher of Righteousness and have not despised the 
precepts of righteousness when they heard them; they shall rejoice and 
their hearts shall be strong, and they shall prevail over all the sons of 
the earth. God will forgive them and they shall see His salvation 
because they took refuge in His holy Name.^ 



The Statutes 



... (He shall not) XV swear by (the Name), nor byAleph and Lamed 
(Elohim), nor byAleph and Daleth (Adonai), but a binding oath by the 
curses of the Covenant. 

He shall not mention the Law of Moses for., were he to swear and 
then break (his oath) he would profane the Name. 

But if he has sworn an oath by the curses of the Covenant before the 
judges and has transgressed it, then he is guilty and shall confess and 
make restitution; but he shall not be burdened with a capital sin. 

And all those who have entered the Covenant, granted to all Israel 
for ever, shall make their children who have reached the age of 
enrolment, swear with the oath of the Covenant. And thus shall it be 
during all the age of wickedness for every man who repents of his 
corrupted way On the day that he speaks to the Guardian of the 
congregation, they shall enrol him with the oath of the Covenant which 
Moses made with Israel, the Covenant to return to the Law of Moses 
with a whole heart and soul, to whatever is found should be done at 
that time. No man shall make known the statutes to him until he has 
stood before the Guardian, lest when examining him the Guardian be 
deceived by him. But if he transgresses after swearing to return to the 
Law of Moses with a whole heart and soul, they (the members) shall be 



innocent should he transgress. And should he err In any matter that is 
revealed of the Law to the multitude of the camp, the Guardian shall 
{instruct} (4Q266, fr. 8 1, 5) him and shall issue directions concerning 
him: he should stu[dy] for a full year.^ And according to his (the 
Guardian's) knowledge, {no madman, or lunatic shall enter, no 
simpleton, or fool, no blind man, or maimed, or lame, or deaf man, and 
no minor, none of these shall enter into the Community, for the Angels 
of Holiness are [in their midst]} (4Q266, fr. 8 1, 6-9). 

(For God made) XVI a Covenant with you and all Israel; therefore a 
man shall bind himself by oath to return to the Law of Moses, for in it all 
things are strictly defined. 

As for the exact determination of their times to which Israel turns a 
blind eye, behold it is strictly defined in the Book of the Divisions of 
ttie Times into tlieir Jubilees and Weel<s. And on the day that a man 
swears to return to the Law of Moses, the Angel of Persecution shall 
cease to follow him provided that he fulfils his word: for this reason 
Abraham circumcised himself on the day that he knew. 

And concerning the saying. You sliall keep your vowby fulfilling it 
(Deut. xxiii, 24), let no man, even at the price of death, annul any 
binding oath by which he has sworn to keep a commandment of the 
Law. 

But even at the price of death, a man shall fulfil no vow by which he 
has sworn to depart from the Law. 

Concerning the oath of a woman 

Inasmuch as He said. It Is for her husband to cancel her oath (Num. 
XXX, 9), no husband shall cancel an oath without knowing whether it 
should be kept or not. Should it be such as to lead to transgression of 
the Covenant, he shall cancel it and shall not let it be kept. The rule for 
her father is likewise. 



Concerning the statute for free-wiii offerings 



No man shall vow to the altar anything unlawfully acquired. Also, no 
Priest shall tal<e from Israel anything unlawfully acquired. And no man 
shall consecrate the food of his house to God, for it is as he said. Each 
hunts his brother wth a net (or votive-offering: Mic. vii, 2). Let no man 
consecrate... And if he has consecrated to God some of his own field 
... he who has made the vow shall be punished ... {[with] one sixth of his 
valuation money} (4Q266, fr. 8 ii, 2-3) ... 

IX!1 Every vow by which a man vows another to destruction (cf. Lev 
xxvii, 29) by the laws of the Gentiles shall himself be put to death. And 
concerning the saying. You shall not tal<e vengeance on the children 
of your people, nor bear any rancour against them (Lev. xix, 18), if 
any member of the Covenant accuses his companion without first 
rebuking him before^ witnesses; if he denounces him in the heat of 
his anger or reports him to his elders to make him look contemptible, 
he is one that takes vengeance and bears rancour, although it is 
expressly written. He takes vengeance upon His adversaries and 
bears rancour against His enemies (Nah. 1,2). If he holds his peace 
towards him from one day to another55 and thereafter speaks of him in 
the heat of his anger, he testifies against himself concerning a capital 
matter because he has not fulfilled the commandment of God which 
tells him: You shall rebuke your companion and not be burdened wth 
sin because of him (Lev. xix, 17). 

Concerning the oath with reference to that which He said. You 
shall not take the law into your own hands (I Sam. XXV, 26) 

Whoever causes another to swear in the field instead of before the 
Judges, or at their decree, takes the law into his own hands. When 
anything is lost, and it is not known who has stolen it from the property 
of the camp in which it was stolen, its owner shall pronounce a curse, 
and any man who, on hearing (it), knows but does not tell, shall himself 
be guilty. 

When anything is returned which is without an owner, whoever 



returns it shall confess to the Priest, and apart from the ram of the sin- 
offering, it shaii be his. 

And iil<ewise, everything which is found but has no owner shall go to 
the Priests, for the finder is ignorant of the rule concerning it. If no 
owners are discovered they shall l<eep it. 

Every sin which a man commits against the Law, and which his 
companion witnesses, he being alone, if it is a capital matter he shaii 
report it to the Guardian, rebul<ing him in his presence, and the 
Guardian shall record it against him in case he should commit it again 
before one man arxJ he should report it to the Guardian once more. 
Should he repeat it and be caught in the act before one man, his case 
shall be complete. 

And if there are two (witnesses), each testifying to a different matter, 
the man shall be excluded from the pure Meal provided that they are 
trustworthy and that each informs the Guardian on the day that they 
witnessed (the offence). In matters of property, they shall accept two 
trustworthy witnesses and shall exclude (the culprit) from the pure IVIeal 
on the word of one witness alone. No X Judge shall pass sentence of 
death on the testimony of a witness who has not yet attained ttie age of 
enrolment and who is not God-fearing. 

No man who has wilfully transgressed any commandment shall be 
declared a trustworthy witness against his companion until he is 
purified and able to return. 

And this is tfie Rule forttie Judges of the Congregation 

Ten shall be elected from the congregation for a definite time, four 
from the tribe of Levi and Aaron, and six from Israel. (They shall be) 
learned in the Bool< of Meditation and In the constitutions of the 
Covenant, and aged between twenty-five and sixty years. No man over 
the age of sixty shall hold office as Judge of the Congregation, for 
'because man sinned his days have been shortened, and In the heat of 
His anger against the inhabitants of the earth God ordained that their 
understanding should depart even before their days are completed' 
(Jubilees, xxiii, II). 



Concerning purification by water 



No man shall bathe in dirty water or in an amount too shallow to 
cover a man. He shall not purify himself with water contained in a£^ 
vessel. And as for the water of every rock-pool too shallow to cover a 
man, if an unclean man touches it he renders its water as unclean as 
water contained in a vessel. 



Concerning the Sabbath to observe it according to its law 

No man shall work on the sixth day from the moment when the sun's 
orb is distant by Its own fulness from the gate (wherein It sinks); for this 
is what He said, Observe the Sabbath day to keep it holy (Deut. v, 
12). No man shall speak any vain or idle word on the Sabbath day He 
shall make no loan to his companion. He shall make no decision in 
matters of money and gain. He shall say nothing about work or labour 
to be done on the morrow. 

No man shall walk in the field^ to do business on the Sabbath. He 
shall not walk more than one thousand cubits beyond his town. 

No man shall eat on the Sabbath day except that which is already 
prepared. He shall eat nothing lying in the fields. He shall not drink 
except in the camp. XI If he is on a journey and goes down to bathe, he 
shall drink where he stands, but he shall not draw water into a vessel. 
He shall send out no stranger on his business on the Sabbath day. No 
man shall wear soiled garments, or garments brought to the store, 
unless they have been washed with water or rubbed with incense. No 
man shall willingly mingle (with others) on the Sabbath. 

No man shall walk more than two thousand cubits after a beast to 
pasture it outside his town. He shall not raise his hand to strike it with 
his fist. If it is stubborn he shall not take it out of his house. 

No man shall take anything out of the house or bring anything In. And 
if he is In a booth, let him neither take anything out nor bring anything 
in. He shall not open a sealed vessel on the Sabbath. 



No man shall carry perfumes on himself whilst going and coming on 
the Sabbath. He shall lift neither stone nor dust in his dwelling. 

No man minding a child shall carry it whilst going and coming on the 
Sabbath. 

No man shall chide^ his manservant or maidservant or labourer on 
the Sabbath.^ No man shall assist a beast to give birth on the 
Sabbath day And if it should fall into a cistern or pit, he shall not lift it 
out on the Sabbath. 

No man shall spend the Sabbath in a place near to Gentiles on the 
Sabbath. 

No man shall profane the Sabbath for the sake of riches or gain on 
the Sabbath day But should any man fall into water or (fire), let him not 
be pulled out with the aid of a ladder or rope or (some such) utensil. 

No man on the Sabbath shall offer anything on the altar except the 
Sabbath burnt-offering; for it is written thus: Except your Sabbath 
offerings (Lev. xxiii, 38). 

No man shall send to the altar any burnt-offering, or cereal offering, 
or incense, or wood, by the hand of one smitten with any uncleanness, 
permitting him thus to defile the altar For it is written. The sacrifice of 
the i/i/c/ced is an abomination, but the prayer of the just is as an 
agreeable offering (Prov. xv, 8). 

No man entering the house of worship shall come unclean and in 
need of washing. And at the sounding of the trumpets for assembly he 
shall go there before or after (the meeting), and shall not cause the 
whole service to stop, XII for it is a holy service. 

No man shall lie with a woman in the city of the Sanctuary, to defile 
the city of the Sanctuary with their uncleanness. 

Every man who preaches apostasy under the dominion of the spirits 
of Belial shall be judged according to the law relating to those 
possessed by a ghost or familiar spirit (Lev. xx, 27). But no man who 
strays so as to profane the Sabbath and the feasts shall be put to 
death; it shall fall to men to keep him in custody. And if he is healed of 
his error, they shall keep him in custody for seven years and he shall 
afterwards approach the Assembly. 

No man shall stretch out his hand to shed the blood of a Gentile for 
the sake of riches and gain. Nor shall he carry off anything of theirs. 



lest they blaspheme, unless so advised by the company of Israel. 

No man shall sell clean beasts or birds to the Gentiles lest they offer 
them in sacrifice. He shall refuse, with all his power, to sell them 
anything from his granary or wine-press, and he shall not sell them his 
manservant or maidservant inasmuch as they have been brought by 
him into the Covenant of Abraham. 

No man shall defile himself by eating any live creature or creeping 
thing, from the larvae of bees to all creatures which creep in water. 
They shall eat no fish unless split alive and their blood poured out. And 
as for locusts, according to their various kinds they shall plunge them 
alive into fire or water, for this is what their nature requires. 

All wood and stones arKi dust defiled by the impurity of a man shall 
be reckoned like men having defilement of oil on them; whoever 
touches them shall be defiled bytheir defilement. And every nail or peg 
in the wall of a house in which a dead man lies shall become unclean 
as any working tool becomes unclean (Lev. xi, 32). 

The Rule for the assembly of the towns of Israel shall be according to 
these precepts that they may distinguish between unclean and clean, 
and discriminate between the holy and the profane. 

And these are the precepts in which the IVIaster shall walk in his 
commerce with all the living in accordance with the statute proper to 
every age. And in accordance with this statute shall the seed of Israel 
walk and they shall not be cursed. 

This is tiie Ruie Ibrthe assembiy oftiie camps 

Those who follow these statutes in the age of wickedness until the 
coming of the IVIessiah of Aaron XIII and Israel shall form groups of at 
least ten men, by Thousands, Hundreds, Fifties, and Tens (Exod. 
xviii, 25)-And where the ten are, there shall never be lacking a Priest 
learned in the Book of IVIeditation; they shall all be ruled by him. 

But should he not be experienced in these matters, whereas one of 
the Levites is experienced in them, then it shall be determined that all 
the members of the camp stiall go and come according to ttie latter's 
word. 



But should there be a case of applying the law of leprosy to a man, 
then the Priest shall come arxJ shall stand in the camp and the 
Guardian shall instruct him in the exact interpretation of the Law. 

Even if the Priest is a simpleton, it is he who shall lock up (the leper); 
for theirs is the judgement. 

This is the Ruie for f/ie Guardian of the camp 

He shall instruct the Congregation in the works of God. He shall 
cause them to consider His mighty deeds and shall recount all the 
happenings of etemity to them [according to] their [exjplanation 
(4Q267, fr. 9 iv, 2). He shall love ttiem as a father loves his children, 
and shall carry them in all their distress like a shepherd his sheep. He 
shall loosen all the fetters which bind them that in his Congregation 
there may be none that are oppressed or broken. He shall examine 
every man entering his Congregation with regard to his deeds, 
understanding, strength, ability and possessions, and shaii inscribe 
him in his place according to his rank in the lot of L[ight]. 

No member of the camp shaii have authority to admit a man to the 
Congregation against the decision of the Guardian of the camp. 

No member of the Covenant of God shall give or receive anything 
from the sons of Dawn (shahar) [or. of the Pit (shahat)] except for 
payment. 

No man shall form any association for buying and seiiing without 
informing the Guardian of the camp and shall act on (his) advice and 
they shall not go {astray. Likewise he who marri[es]} (4Q266, fr 9 ii, 4) 
a woma[n] ... advice. Likewise he who divorces (his wife). And he (the 
Guardian) shall instruct {their sons [and their daughters in a spirijt) 
(4Q266, fr 9 ii, 6-7) of humility and in loving-kindness and shall not 
keep {anger} (4Q266, fr. 9 ii, 8) towards them ... 

This is the Ruie for the assembly of the camps during all [the age of 
wickedness, and whoever does not hold fast to] these (statutes) shall 
not be fit to dweii in the Land [when the Messiah of Aaron and Israel 
shall come at the end of days]. 

[And] ttiese are the [precepts] in which ttie Master [shall walk in his 



commerce with all the living until God shall visit the earth. As He said, 
There shall come upon you, and upon your people, and upon your 
father's house, days] XIV such as have not come since Ephraim 
departed from Judah (Isa. vii, 17); but for whoever shall walk in these 
(precepts), the Covenant of God shall stand firm to save him from all 
the snares of the Pit, whereas the foolish shall be punished.^ 

The Rule for the assembly of all the camps 

They shall all be enrolled by name: first the Priests, second the 
Levites, third the Israelites, and fourth the proselytes. And they shall be 
inscribed by name, one after the other: the Priests first, the Levites 
second, the Israelites third, and the proselytes fourth. And thus shall 
they sit and thus be questioned on all matters. And the Priest who is 
appointed {to head} (4Q267, fr 9 v, II) the Congregation shall be from 
thirty to sixty years old, learned in the Book of Meditation and in all the 
judgements of the Law so as to pronounce them correctly. 

The Guardian of all the camps shall be from thirty to fifty years old, 
one who has mastered all the secrets of men and the languages of all 
their clans. Whoever enters the Congregation shall do so according to 
his word, each in his rank. And whoever has anything to say^ with 
regard to any suit or judgement, let him say it to the Guardian. 

This is the Rule for the Congregation by which it shall provide 
for all its needs 

They shall place the earnings of at least two days out of every month 
into the hands of the Guardian and the Judges, and from it they shall 
give to the fatherless, and from it they shall succour the poor and the 
needy the aged sick and the man who is stricken (with disease), the 
captive taken by a foreign people, the virgin with no near kin, and the 
ma[id for] whom no man cares ... 

And this is the exact statement of the assembly ... 



This is the exact statement of the statutes in which [they shall 
walk until the coming of the Messia]hof Aaron and Israel who 
will pardon their iniquity 

[Whoever] deliberately lies in a matter of property... and shall do 
penance for six days ... 

[Whoever slanders his companion or bears rancour] unjustly [shall 
do penance for one] year... 



Damascus Document manuscripts from Cave 4 



Three Qumran caves have provided supplementary documentation to 
the text preserved in the Cairo Genizah. Of these the evidence 
furnished by Caves 5 (CD IX, 7-10) and 6 (CD IV, 19-21, v, 13-14, v, 
18-VI, 2, VI, 20-VII, 1) is negligible, but the fragments discovered in 
Cave 4 (4Q266-273) are of the highest importance. Furthermore 
4Q265 provides a kind of hybrid connecting the Damascus Document 
and the Community Rule. Palaeographically 4Q266-73 are dated from 
the mid-first century BCE to the beginning of the first century CE. 

The 4Q material represents (1) a prologue missing from CD 
(4Q266, fr. I— b; fr 2 i, 1-6, combined with 4Q267, fr 1 and 268, fr. 1) 
and substantial legal sections which follow the broken ending of the 
Statutes of CD. These laws relate to (2) the admission or dismissal of 
candidates (4Q266, fr. 5); to (3) criteria for disqualifying priests 
(4Q266, fr. 5; 267, fr. 5 ii; 273, frs. 2, 4 i); to (4) detailed rulings 
concerning tlie diagnosis and quarantining of persons suffering from 
skin disease (4Q266, fr. 6; 272, fr. 1); to (5) laws pertaining to 
gleanings (4Q266, fr. 6 iii-iv) and to the agricultural priestly dues 
(4Q270, fr. 3 ii-iii; 271, fr. 2; 269, fr. 8 i-ii). (6) A penal code partly 
overlapping with 1QS VII follows (4Q266, fr. 10; 270, fr. 7 i; 269, fr. II 1- 
ii). The two main manuscripts (4Q266, fr. II and 270, fr. 7i-ii) end with 
the ritual for the dismissal of unworthy members used in tfie ceremony 
marking entry into and expulsion from tfie Covenant. This festival was 
celebrated in the third month and coincided with the Feast of Weeks or 
Pentecost. Finally (7) the hybrid S-D (4Q265), in which the Community 
Rule and tlie Damascus Document merge, allows a glimpse into the 
interrelationship between tlie two main constitutional documents of the 
Community. 

For the editio princeps, see J. M. Baumgarten, DJD, XVIII. For 
4Q269, see H. Stegemann, DJD, XXXVI, 201 -1 1 . 



(1) THE OPENING OF THE DAMASCUS 
DOCUMENT ACCORDING TO 4QD 



(4Q266-8) 

Three Cave 4 manuscripts of the Damascus Document (4Q266, fr. 1a- 
b; fr. 2 i, 1-6, combined 4Q267 fr. 1 and 268 fr. 1) have preserved 
parts of a prologue unattested in the Cairo version. The prologue 
contains a title vaguely reminiscent of the opening of 4QS''. The 
context is eschatological and alludes to a revelation by God to those 
'who search His commandments and walk in the perfection of way. 
CD 11,1 follows on directly from the end of the prologue. 

4Q266, fr. la-b 

[For the Master to instruct the s]ons of Light to keep away from the 
way[s of wickedness] ... until the completion of the appointed time for 
the visitation of [the spirit of injustice] ... God [will destro]y all her 
deeds, bringing destruction on ... the removers of boundaries and He 
will inflict destruction [on the assembly] of wickedness. [And now listen] 
to me and I will let you know the awesome des[lgns of God] arKi His 
marvellous [mighty deeds]. I will recount to you [all that is concealed] 
from man [all the d]ays of his life... 

Fr.2(4Q267,fr.1;268,fr.1) 

I flesh and creature... until it comes to them for they shall not be either 
early or late from their appointed times... He decreed an age of wrath 
for the people who did not know Him, and He established appointed 
times of goodwill for those who search His commandments and walk 
in the perfection of way. ArxJ He revealed hidden things to their eyes, 
and opened their ears so that they might hear deep (secrets) and 



understand all future things before they befall them. Listen rK>w, all you 
who know righteousness... (=CD 1,1). 



(2) INITIATION RULES 

(4Q266, fr. 5) 

This fragment contains echoes of the Community Rule's regulations 
regarding admission and dismissal of candidates and CD's 
identification of the sons of Zadok as the 'converts of Israel'. 

I [that they may bring near] each according to [his] spirit [and 

deeds] ... they shall depart by the decision of the Guandian (cf. 1QS VI, 
1 6-1 7) ... [And these are the precepts] in which all ttie converts of Israel 
[shall wa]lk ... the sons of Zadok, the Priests (cf. CD IV, 2-3), behold 
the[y are tine converts of Israel... [the interpretation of the] last Law. And 
these are the precepts for the Mas[ter] in which [he shall walk (1 QS IX, 
12)] In regard to all Israel, for [God] shall not save any of those who are 
not established] in His ways to walk perfec[tly] ... 



(3) RULES RELATING TO THE 
DISQUALIFICATION OF PRIESTS 



4Q 266, fr. 5 ii (4Q267, fr. 5 ii; 273, frs. 2, 4 i) 

In this section of priestly legislation, the Community specifies (I) that 
only priests able to speak clearly and distinctly were allowed to read 
the Bible In public; (2) that priests who had been war prisoners were 
disqualified from Temple service; and (3) that priests wtio migrated to 
Gentile countries were deprived of their leading position and forbidden 



to partake in holy things. 

II Whoever speal<s too fast (or: too quietiy, lit. swift or light with his 
tongue) or with a staccato voice and does not split his words to make 
[his voice] heard, no one from among these shall read the Book of [the] 
La[w] that he may not misguide someone in a capital matter... [Any 
man] from among the sons of Aaron who has been taken prisoner by 
the nations... to defile him with their uncleanness. He shall not come 
close to the [holy] worship... Let him not eat the most holy [things] ... 
Any son of Aaron who retreats to ser[ve the nations] ... to teach his 
people the constitution of the people and also to betray.. [Any son] of 
Aaron whose name has been rejected from the Truth... [who has 
walked] in the stubbornness of his heart, eating from the holy ... from 
Israel, the Council of the sons of Aaron... who eats, he shall become 
guilty of the blood... in genealogy. And this is the rule for the dwelling 
[of the towns of Israel ... for the men] of holin[ess in] their [camps and] 
in their towns ina[ll] ... 



(4) DIAGNOSIS OF SKIN DISEASE 

(40 266,269,272,273) 

The rules relating to the diagnosis of a skin disease affecting the scalp 
and the face (Lev xiil, 29-37) are missing from the Cairo manuscripts, 
but can be partially reconstructed from 4Q272 and 266 and also from 
4Q269 and 273. The Introductory formula prefixed to Lev. xlll, 33, viz., 
'And as for that which is said', usually Indicative of a repeat citation, 
suggests that a longer Leviticus quotation preceded it The skin 
disease section is followed by laws relating to various sexual 
discharges causing uncleanness and impurity linked with childbirth. 

For the editio princeps, see J. M. Baumgarten, DJD, XVIII, 50-51, 
186-7. 



4Q 266, fr. 6 i (4Q272 1 273 ii, 269 7) 



I ... a discoloration or a scab or a briglit spot ... And tine scab resulting 
from a blow by wood [or stjone or whatever blow, when the spi[rit] 
enters [and sei]zes the artery, and the blood recedes up and down, 
and the artery... after the blood ... 

[And the priest shall observe the skin, the living and] the dead. If the 
dead (sl<in) [exceeds] the living (skin), he shall lock him up [until the 
blood re]turns to the artery until the flesh grows. And the priest shall 
observe him and shall make a comparison [on] the seventh [d]ay, [and 
if the spirlit of life is moving up and down, and the flesh grows, [the 
plague is healed, clean is] the scab. The priest shall not observe the 
skin on the flesh. 

4Q266, fr. 6 

I But if the discoloration or the scab is lower [than the skin... and the 
Pr]iest sees it as the appearance of living flesh, it is [a 'leprosy" (skin 
disease)] which has seized the living skin. And a similar rule 
concerning ... the Priest shall see on the seventh day. If some living 
flesh has become dead, the leprosy is malignant. And the law for the 
scab of the head or the bea[rd, when the Priest shall see] that the spirit 
has entered the head and the beard seizing the artery, and [the plague] 
spreads from under the hair and turns Its appearance to fine yellow; for 
it is like a plant which has a worm under it and bites its root and makes 
its flower wittier And as for that which is said, And the Priest shall 
order thatUiey shave his head, but shall not shave the scab (Lev. xi 1 1 , 
33). This is in order that ttie Priest may count the dead and live hair. 
And he will see whether anything has been added from tlie live to the 
dead (hair) during the seven days. If there has, he is unclean. But if 
nothing has been added from the live (hair) to tlie dead, and the artery 
is filled with bl[ood] and tlie sp[i]rit of life goes up and down in it, this 
plague [is cured]. And this is tlie mie of the law of 'leprosy" for the sons 
of Aaron to set apart... 



And the law concerning a man with a flux. Any man with a [fl]ux 
issuing from [his] flesh, [o]r one that causes a Pew]d thought to arise or 
... II the woma[n] ... [the man who ap]proaches [her] will have [the s]in of 
menstrual uncleanness on him. And if she sees (blood) a[gain] and this 
is not [during the uncleanness] of seven days, she shall not eat sacred 
(food) and shall not en[ter] the Sanctuary until the sun has set on the 
eighth day. vacat 

And a woman vho [conceiv\es and bears a male child [shall be 
unclean] for seven [days like] in her menstrual d^ays. On the eighth 
day the flesh of his] foreskin [shall be circumcised. She shall 
continue for thirty-three days in the blood of her purifying. But if she 
bears a female child, she shall be unclean for a fortnight as in] her 
[menstr[uation. For [sixty-six days she shall continue in her blood of 
purifying (Lev. xii, 2-5). And she] shall not eat [sacred (food) and shall 
not enter the Sanctuary, for] it is a capital crime... [Let her give the 
chi]ld to a wet-nurse who is in [(the state of) pur]\ty.... [And] if she 
cannot afford a lamb, then she shall take a turtledove or a young 
pigeon (Lev. xii, 8) and she shall substitute it for the [lamb].... 



(5) RULES CONCERNING GLEANINGS AND 
AGRICUL TURAL PRIESTL Y DUES 



(4Q 266,269,270,271) 

III ... [Concer]ning [gleanings (of grain) and the gleanings (of grapes) 
from the vine]yard. (A cluster is up to ten berries.) 

And all the gleanings (of grain) up to a seah (measure of capacity=c. 
12 litres) per toef sea/? (area requiring one seah of seed for sowing) ... 
[And a field] which produces no seed, is not subject to (a levy of) 
terumah-offering or of fallen grapes or of clusters up to ten berries. 
And for the harvest of olives and the fruit of its produce, if it is 
complete, isolated olives are one in thirty. 

But if the field was ravaged or consumed by burning, 



4Q270,fr.3 



should the amount (remaining) be a sea/7 per bet seah, it is to be 
tithed. If one person gleans one seah from it one day, the terumah will 
be one isaron (=30 per cent of a seah). [Concerning the two] loaves of 
the terumah. All the families (lit. houses) of Israel, those who eat the 
bread of the land, are to offer the terumah once a year (cf. Num. xv, 
19-20; Lev. xxiii, 17). One (loaf) shall be one isaron. 

4Q266,fr.6 

IV ... All sacred offerings from the planting of vineyards and all fruit 
trees (producing) food shall belong to them (the priests), as is decreed 
for them, in the holy [lan]d and in the land of (their) sojourn. And 
afterwards they may sell of them to bu[y] ... a man may plant, in the 
fourth year he may n[ot ea]t (of it) for they sanctified it in [that] y[ear] ... 

4Q 271 , fr. 2 (4Q269, fr. 8 Hi; 270, fr. 3 iii) 

... he shall take off from (the grain of) the threshing-floor one tenth of a 
ho[mer (measure of volume, c. 220 litres), that is one eph]ah [or bath 
(22 litres), as is established]. The ephah and the bath are both the 
same measure. And from [the wheat o]ne sixth of [an ephah out of a 
homer and one tenth of a bath] for the fruit of trees. Let no one 
separate himself (from the norm of I out of 200, cf. Ezek. xlv, 15) by 
offering one lamb out of a hundred. Let [no] man eat [from the 
threshing-floor] and from the garden before [the prie]sts have stretched 
out their hand [to blejss first.... a house belonging to a man, he may sell 
and with... and he shall be innocent.... Let no man bring... to his pure 
food. Neither shall he bring close to his pure food any gold or silver or 
[copper], or tin or le[ad] from which the nations have made idols, 
except new (metal) coming straight from the furnace. Let no man bring 
any leather or garment or any vessel [which is used for] work and which 



has been defiled by the corpse of a man unless they were sprinkled 
according to the law [of purity with the water] for uncleanness In the 
age of wickedness (by) a man pure of all urKileanness who has 
allowed the sun to set (i.e. one who after bathing himself did not 
proceed until after sunset). No young man who has not yet reached the 
age to pass the mu[ster shall sprinkle] ... 



(6) THE PENAL CODE AND THE RENEWAL OF 
THE COVENANT RITUAL 



(4Q 266,270) 

CD XIV ends with scrappy relics of a penal code. The Cave 4 
manuscripu and include a list of breaches of the rule punished 
by exclusion and penance of varying lengths. They closely resemble 
the code contained in the Community Rule (1QS VII). The principal 
difference consists in the explicit mention of women (fornication with 
one's wife and murmuring against the IVIothers) which once again 
renders the silence of Serefch concerning any matter pertaining to the 
female sex particularly eloquent. The penal code is followed by a 
Covenant ritual, which ends the Cave 4 version of the Damascus 
Document and contains the words spoken by the priestly head of the 
sect, following the expulsion of the unfaithful members of the 
congregation. The passage includes the reference to the 'third month' 
as the date of this festive assembly and presents the message of this 
writing as 'the last interpretation of the Law'. 

For the editio princeps, see J. M. Baumgarten, DVD, XVIII, 72-8, 
162-70. 

4Q266, fr. 10 (4Q270, fr. 7 i; 269, fr. 11 i-ii) 

... II [He shall be excluded for] two [hundred] days and do penance 



for one hundred days. But if it was a capital matter and he bears (a 
grudge), [he] shall not return [again. And whoev]er has in[sulted] his 
companion without a reason [shall be exc]luded for one year and do 
pe[nan]ce for s[ix months] (cf. 1QS VII, 4). Whoever has spoken a 
foolish word, shall do penance for t[wen]ty [days and will be excluded] 
for three month[s (cf. 1QS VII, 9). And whoever in]terrupts the w[ords of 
his companion and lets himself go, will do penance for ten] days (1QS 
VII, 9-10). [And whoever lies do]wn [and] falls asleep at [the mee]t[ing 
of the Congregation ... shall be excluded] for thirty days [and] do 
penance for ten days. [And likewise, whoever has] left [without the 
consent of the Congregation and gratu]itously as many as three ti[mes 
in] one [session], he [shall do penance for ten] days. But if he has left 
the session [when they were standing, he shall do penance for thir]ty 
day[s]. And whoever has walked [naked] before [his] companion, 
whether he has walked in the house or in the field, he has walked 
n[aked before the peo]ple; he shall be excluded for six [months] ... 
(1QS VII, 10-12). And whoever has [d]rawn his hand from under [his] 
gar[ment and he was so poorly dressed that his nakedness was seen, 
he shall be separated for thir]ty [day]s and shall do penance for ten 
(1QS VII, 13-14). And whoever has gu[ffawed foolishly making his 
voi]c[e heard, shall be excluded for th]irty (days) and shall do penance 
for fif[teen days. And whoever has drawn out] his le[ft hjand [to 
gesticu]late with it, shall do penance [for ten days (1QS VII, 14-15). 
And who]ever has gone [slandering his com]panion, they shall exclude 
him from the purity for one year. 

4Q270,fr.7 

I [and shall do penance for six months. But whoever has slandered the 
Congregation shall be expelled] and shall not return ag[ain] (1QS VII, 
15-16). [If he has murmured against his companion unjustly, he shall do 
penance for six months (1QS VII, 17-18). And] the m[a]n whose spirit 
has so trembled [before the authority of the Community that he has 
betrayed the truth and walked in the stubbornness of his heart, he shall 
be excluded for two years] and do penance for sixty [days] (1QS VII, 



18-19). [When his two years are completed, the Congregation shall 
consider [his ca]se, [and if he is admitted,] he shall be ins[cribed in his 
rank and may then question about the law (1QS VII, 20 — 21). And 
whoever] has despised the law of the Congregation shall leave and 
[shall not return again. And whoever has taken] his food (from another 
person) outside the rules, he shall retum it to the man fr[om whom] he 
has taken it. vacat And wtx>ever has approached his wife, not 
according to the rules, (thus) fornicating, he shall leave and will not 
return again. [If he has murmured] against the Fathers, he shall leave 
and shall not retum [again (cf. 1QS Vil, 17). But if he has murmured] 
against the iVIothers, he shall do penance for ten days. For the Mothers 
have no fW)'m/7(distinction ?) within [the Congregation, vacat 

And these are the r]uies in [which they shall walk, all those who have 
been corrected. Whoev]er comes [to report some]one to the Priest 
[over]seeing 

4Q266,fr.ll4Q270,fr.7i-ii) 

II the Congregation, he shall willingly accept His judgement, as He has 
ordered by the hand of iVIoses regarding the soul that sins by 
inadvertence that he shall bring his sIn-offerIng and his guilt-offering. 
And concerning Israel It is written, / wll go to the ends [of] heaven and 
will not smell the smell of your sweef odour (Lev. xxvi, 31). And in 
another passage it Is written, To retum to God wth crying and fasting 
(Joel II, 13). And In another passage It is written. Rend your heart and 
not your garment (ibid.) and It is written to return to God wth fasting 
and v\eeping (Joel ii, 12). And whoever rejects these rules which follow 
ail the precepts found in the Law of iVIoses, shall not be counted with ail 
the sons of His truth, for his soul has detested the righteous corrections 
(cf 1QS ill, i). As a rebel, he shall be dismissed from the 
Congregation. The Priest [overjseeing the Congregation shall speak 
about him. Answering, [he shall] say: 'Blessed art Thou, "Lord" of the 
universe. Everything is In Thine hands and Thou art the maker of 
everything. Thou hast founded the [pejoples according to their families 
and the languages of their nations. Thou hast made them err in 



confusion without a way. And Thou hast chosen our Fathers and hast 
given to their seed the precepts of Thy truth and Thine holy judgements 
by which a man, if he practises them, shaii live. And Thou hast 
established boundaries for us and cursed those who transgress them. 
And we are the people of Thy redemption and the flock of Thy pasture. 
Thou hast cursed those who transgress It (the boundary?) but we 
maintain (It).' And the dismissed man stiall leave, and whoever eats 
from what Is his, and greets (literally. Inquires about the welfare - 
Shalom- of) the man who tias been dismissed, and agrees with him, 
his case shall be reconded by the Guardian according to the decree, 
and his judgement shall be complete. And all [the Inhabitants] of the 
camps shall assemble In the third month and shall curse him who turns 
aside, to the right [or to the left from the] Law. And this (the foregoing) 
is the Interpretation of the laws which they shall observe in all the age 
[of visitation which will be visited on ttiem during aiji the age of wrath 
and in their marches for ail those who dwell in their camps and ail their 
towns. Behold ail this is according to the last interpretation of the Law. 



(7) A HYBRID COMMUNITY RULE - DAMASCUS 
DOCUMENT TEXT 



(4Q265) 

Twelve fragments of a manuscript, dating probably to the end of the 
first century BCE, have preserved remains of a writing dependent both 
on the Community Rule and on the Damascus Document but also 
including material which Is In neither of these sources. Fr. I deals with 
the Initiation into the Community and the penal code In terms recalling 
1QS VI-VII, and fr. 7, lines 7-10 contains a description of the Council of 
the Community which Is an abridged version of 1QS VIII, 1 — 9. It is 
worth noting that the 'twelve men and three priests' of 1QS Viii, I is 
replaced here by'fift[een men]'. Elements of the Sabbath laws from CD 
Xi figure on columns i-ii of fr 7, while on one point the borrowing is 



probably from the Temple Scroll Lll, 17-18. As for material alien to 
1 QS and CD, fr. 2 cites Isaiah llv, 1 -2 In full and tfie last four lines of fr. 
7 ii reproduce Lev. xli, 2, 4a, 5, 4b, but omitting xii, 3. This quotation is 
part of an account of the ages of the world arranged according to 
weel<s, beginning with the garden of Eden. 
For the editio phnceps, see J. M. Baumgarten, DJD, XXXV, 57-58. 

Fr.1 

... as it is written [in the Book of| ... [as] It Is written In the B[ook] of 
Isaiah the prophet: [Sing, o barren one, who did not bear; breal( forth 
in singing and] cry aloud you vho have not been in travail! For the 
sons [of the desolate one] vill be more [tiian the children of her vho 
is manied, says the Lord] Enlar\ge] the place of [your] ten[t] ... (tea. 
iiv, 1-2) its interpretation concerns... 

Fr.3 

... Why does a ma[n] betray his brother ... [Let no] young man or 
woman eat [the sacrifice] of Passover... 

Fr.4 

I ... [and he shaii be punished for t]en d[a]ys ... [and he shaii be 
punished] thirty days ... [and he shaii be punished during that time with 
the half of his food for fifte[en days] ... and he shall be punished for 
three months wi[th half of his food. The man who speal<s before] his 
fellow inscribed before him, shall be excluded from purity for six 
months [and he shall be punished with half of his food.] i/acaf And the 
man who lnsu[lts his fellow... shall be punished] for thirty days, vacat 
And the man who know[ingly] deceives [shall be separated for six] 
months (IQS VII, 3-4) and shall be punished during that time with half of 
his food. [And the man who lies] knowingly in any matter shall be 



punished for thirty days vacat [And the man who lies concerning 
property] l<now[ingiy], they shall exclude him for six months. [And the 
man who lies down] II ... [and falls asle]ep during a session of the 
Congregation shall be punished for thirt[y days. And if... to read from] 
the book, he falls asleep up to three times and if [he goes out, he shall 
be punished for ten days.] And the man who comes to j[oi]n the Council 
of the [Commu]nity [the Guardian of] the Congregation [shall examine 
him]. If it falls to him he shall instruct him for [one] year. [And after he 
shall stand] before the Congregation and they shall deliberate [over 
h]im (cf. 1QS VI, 15). If he is not found [fit for the discipline (cf. 1QS VI, 
14), he shall depart (1QS VI, 16). If he is to enter,] the Guardian shall 
[teach him the interpretation] of the Law. He shall not [touch the pure 
Meal of the Congregation until] another full year (1QS VI, 16-17). [And 
on completing] his year (1QS VI, 18) [they shall hand over his property 
to] the Guardian of the Congregation ... [Wh]en he comes ... 

Fr.6 

... on Sabbath day let no [man wear] soiled [garment]s (CD XI, 3). No 
man shall be dr[ess]ed in garments on which there is dust or ... on the 
Sabbath day. No [ma]n shall ta[ke] out of his tent a vessel and foo[d] on 
the Sabbath day. No man shall lift an animal which has fallen into water 
on the Sabbath day (CD xi, 13-14). But if a man falls into water on the 
Sabbath [day], he shall pass to him his garment to lift him out, but he 
shall not carry an instrument [to lift him out on] the Sabbath [day] (cf. 
CD XI, 16-1 7). And if the army.. II ... [on] the Sabbath [day]. And let no 
... Let [n]o man of the seed of Aaron sprinkle [purifying] w[aters (cf. 
1QS III, 9; IV, 21) on the Sabbath day] ... And with a beast he shall 
walk two thousand cubits [on the Sabbath day (CD xi, 5-6). Every 
beast with a defect in it shall be kept at a distance of(?)] thirty stadia 
[from the city of the Sancjtuary (cf. IIQTemple Lll, 1 7-1 8) ... When there 
shall be in the Council of the Community fift[een men, perfectly versed 
in all that is revealed of the Law (1QS VIII, I) and the Pr]ophets, the 
Council of the Community shall be established [in truth (1QS VIII, 5). 
They shall be witnesses to the truth at tfie judgement and elect] of 



Goodwill. They shall be an agreeable offering atoning on behalf of the 
Land (cf. 1 QS VIII, 6, 9) for a[ll iniquity ... He shall teminate the ages of 
Injustice (cf. 1QS IV, 18) ... 

Fr.7 

... on the day of s[abbath ... on the da]y of sabbath... [N]o man from the 
seed of Aaron shall sprinkle wa[ter of purification ... They shall not 
bathe or wa]sh (their garments) [on] the great day and fast, on the day 
of [Atonement. He who goes outside his town to graze the] animals 
may go (to a distance of) two thousand cubits. [No man shall eat a 
blemished animaO within thirty stadia [from the sanctu]ary (cf. 1 1QT v, 
1 6-1 8).... When there shall be in the Council of the Community fift[een 
men as God had said through His servants, the pr]ophets, the Council 
of the Community shall be established [In truth as an everlasting 
plantation, witnesses of truth and elect] of Goodwill, sweet fragrance to 
atone for the land... the ages of injustice will end by the judgement and 
the ... (cf 1QS VIII, 1-10). 

vacat In the first weel< [Adam was created... until] he was not brought 
to the garden of Eden and a bone [from his bones was taken to 
become the woman] .... but she (Eve) had [no name (?)] until she was 
not brought to him (Adam) ... For holy is a garden of Eden, and every 
fresh shoot that is in it is holy [as it is written, If a woman conceives 
and bears a male child,] then she shall be unclean for seven days; 
as at the time of her menstruation, she shall be unclean (Lev xii, 2). 
Then [she shall continue for] thi[rty-three days in the blood\ of her 
purifying {Lev. xii, 4). But if she bears a female child, [then she shall 
be unclean tm vieeks as in her menstruation. And she shall 
contin]ue in the blood of her purifying [for sixty-six days (Lev. xii, 5). 
She shall not touch ] any hallowed things, nor come into the 
Sanctuary until the days of her purification are completed\{Leu. xi 1 , 4). 



The Messianic Rule 



(1QSa=1Q28a) 



The Messianic Rule was published in 1955 by D. Barth^lemy In DJD,\ 
(Oxford, 1955, pp. 107-18). Originally included in the same Scroll as 
the Community Rule, this short but complete work presents the 
translator with great difficulties owing to its bad state of preservation 
and to the carelessness of the scribe. 

Barth6lemy named the work 'The Rule of the Congregation', but I 
have given It a new title for the following reasons: (1) it was Intended 
for 'all the congregation In the last days'; (2) it is a Rule for a 
Community adapted to tlie requirements of the messianic war against 
the nations; (3) It refers to the presence of the Priest and the Messiah 
of Israel at the Council, and at the Meal described In column 11. 

As in ttie Cave I version of the Community Rule and In the 
Damascus Document, but contrary to the version preserved In 4QS'' 
(=4Q258) and 4QS'' (=4Q256), 'the sons of Zadok, the Priests' form 
the chief authority in the sect. 

In the main, the precepts and the doctrinal concepts of the 
Messianic Rule foreshadow those of the War Rule. A mid-first-century 
BCE date may safely be proposed. Hundreds of tiny papyrus 
fragments of this text written in a cryptic script have been found in 
Cave 4. However, the pieces are so small that they cannot 
independently contribute to the textual criticism of IQS^. See S. J. 
Pfann, 4Q249a-h, DJD, XXXVI, 51 5-74. 

I This is the Rule for all the congregation of Israel in the last days, 
vhen they shall join [the Community to milk accordinq to the lawof 



the sons ofZadok the Priests and of the men of their Covenant v\ho 
have turned aside [from the] my of the people, the men of His 
Councii v\ho l<eep His Covenant in the midst of iniquity, offering 
expiation [for the Land] 

When they come, they shall summon them all, the little children and 
the women also, and they shall read Into their [ears a]ll the precepts of 
the Covenant and shall expound to them all their statutes that they may 
no longer stray In their [errors]. 

And this is the Rule for all the hosts of the congregation, for every 

man born in Israel 

From [his] youth they shall instruct him in the Book of Meditation and 
shall teach him, according to his age, the precepts of the Covenant. He 
[shall be edu]cated in their statutes for ten years... 

At the age of twenty years [he shall be] enrolled, that he may enter 
upon his allotted duties in the midst of his family (and) be joined to the 
holy congregation. He shall not [approach] a woman to know her by 
lying with her before he Is fully twenty years old, when he shall know 
[good] and evil. And thereafter, he shall be accepted when he calls to 
witness the judgements of the Law, and shall be (allowed) to assist at 
the hearing of judgements. 

At the age of twenty-five years he may take his place among the 
foundations (I.e. the officials) of the holy congregation to work in the 
service of the congregation. 

At the age of thirty years he may approach to participate In lawsuits 
and judgements, and may take his place among the chiefs of the 
Thousands of Israel, the chiefs of the Hundreds, Fifties, and Tens, the 
Judges and the officers of their tribes, in all their families, [under the 
authority] of the sons of [Aar]on the Priests. And every head of family in 
the congregation who is chosen to hold office, [to go] and come before 
the congregation, shall strengthen his loins that he may perform his 
tasks among his brethren In accordance with his understanding and 
the perfection of his way According to whether this Is great or little, so 
shall one man be honoured more than another. 

When a man Is advanced in years, he shall be given a duty in the 
[serjvice of the congregation in proportion to his strength. 

No simpleton shall be chosen to hold office in the congregation of 



Israel with regard to lawsuits or judgement, nor carry any responsibility 
In the congregation. Nor shall he hold any office in the war destined to 
vanquish the nations; his family shall merely inscribe him In the army 
register and he stiall do his service in task-work in proportion to his 
capacity. 

The sons of Levi shall hold office, each in his place, under the 
authority of the sons of Aaron. They shall cause all the congregation to 
go and come, each man in his rank, under the direction of the lieads of 
family of the congregation - the leaders. Judges, and officers, 
accondlng to the number of all their hosts - under the authority of the 
sons of Zadok the Priests, [and] (under the direction) [of all the] heads 
of family of the congregation. And when the whole assembly Is 
summoned for judgement, or for a Council of the Community, or for 
war, they shall sanctify them for three days that every one of Its 
members may be prepared. 

These are the men v\Jio shall be called to the Council of the 

Community ... 

All the wi[se men] of the congregation, the learned and the 
Intelligent, men whose way Is perfect and men of ability, together with 
the tribal chiefs and all the Judges and officers, and the chiefs of the 
Thousands, [Hundreds,] 11 Fifties, and Tens, and the Levltes, each man 
In the [cla]ss of his duty; these are the men of renown, the members of 
the assembly summoned to the Council of the Community In Israel 
before the sons of Zadok the Priests. 

And no man smitten with any human uncleanness shall enter the 
assembly of God; no man smitten with any of them shall be confirmed 
In his office In the congregation. No man smitten In his flesh, or 
paralysed In his feet or hands, or lame, or blind, or deaf, or dumb, or 
smitten In his flesh with a visible blemish; no old and tottery man 
unable to stay still In the midst of the congregation; none of these shall 
come to hold office among the congregation of the men of renown, for 
the Angels of Holiness are [with] their [congregation]. Should [one] of 
them have something to say to the Council of Holiness, let [him] be 
questioned privately; but let him not enter among [the congregation] for 
he Is smitten. 



[This shall be the ass]embly of the men of renown [called] to the 
meeting of the Council of the Community 

When God engenders^^ (the Priest-) Messiah, he shall come with 
them [at] the head of the whole congregation of Israel with all [his 
brethren, the sons] of Aaron the Priests, [those called] to the assembly, 
the men of renown; and they shall sit [before him, each man] in the 
order of his dignity. And then [the Mess]iah of Israel shall [come], and 
the chiefs of the [clans of Israel] shall sit before him, [each] in the order 
of his dignity, according to [his place] in their camps and marches. And 
before them shall sit all the heads of [family of the congreg]ation, and 
the wise men of [the holy congregation,] each in the order of his dignity. 

And [when] they shall gather for the common [tab]le, to eat and [to 
drink] new wine, when the common table shall be set for eating and the 
new wine [poured] for drinking, let no man extend his hand over the 
firstfruits of bread and wine before the Priest; for [it is he] who shall 
bless the firstfruits of bread and wine, and shall be the first [to extend] 
his hand over the bread. Thereafter, the Messiah of Israel shall extend 
his hand over the bread, [and] all the congregation of the Community 
[shall utter a] blessing, [each man in the order] of his dignity. 

It is according to this statute that they shall proceed at every me[al at 
which] at least ten men are gathered together. 



The War Scroll 



(IQM, 1Q33, 4Q491-7, 4Q471) 



The nineteen badly mutilated columns of ttiis manuscript from Cave 1 
first appeared in 1954 in a posthumous work by E. L. Sukenik, and 
were re-edited in 1 955, with an English introduction, under the title The 
Dead Sea Scrolls of the Hebrew University (Jerusalem). A few 
detached scraps are represented by 1Q33 and copious fragments of 
six further manuscripts were discovered in Cave 4, and published in 
1982 by IVl. Baillet in DJD, VII (4Q491-6 or4QIVla-f). 4Q497 represents 
tiny fragments of a related text, and 4Q471 or 4QM9 a shorter version 
of 1QIVI (cf E. and H. Eshel, DJD, XXXVI, 439-45). For a new edition 
of all the War Scroll material except 4Q471 see J. Duhaime in J. H. 
Charlesworth ef a/., eds.. The DSS II, Damascus Document, War 
Scroll and Related Documents, 1 995, 80-203. 

Some of the 4Q fragments basically reflect the Cave 1 text and help 
to complete its gaps: M^, M'^, M"^ and IVI^ have been used for this 
purpose, especially in columns I, XIV and XIX. On the other hand, 
and M'^ attest different recensions of the War Rule. Representative 
sections from these manuscripts will be translated separately. 

The contents of the War Rule are as follows: 

Proclamation of war against the Kittim (I) 
Reorganization of Temple worship (II) 
Programme of the forty years' war (II) 
The trumpets (III) 
The standards (lll-IV) 

Disposition and weapons of the front formations (v) 
Movements of the attacking infantry (VI) 
Disposition and movements of the cavalry (VI) 
Age of the soldiers (VI-VII) 



The camp (VII) 

Duties of the Priests and Levites 
(exhortation, trumpet signals) (VII-IV) 
Addresses and prayers of the battle liturgy (X-XII) 
Prayer recited at the moment of victory (XIII) 
Thanksgiving ceremony (XIV) 
Battle against the Kittim (XV-XIX) 

Since the five last columns are more or less repetitious, there has 
been some doubt concerning the unity of the composition as a whole. 
Those who consider all nineteen columns to be the work of one writer 
find in column 1 an introduction, in columns ll-XIV general rules, and in 
columns XV-XIX a 'prophetic' description of the final battle fought 
according to those rules. Other experts explain that columns XV-XIX 
are a Rule annexe dependent on the principal Rule (ll-XIV). 

I am myself inclined to follow the theory first advanced by J. van der 
Ploeg (Le Rouleau de la guerre, Leiden, 1959, 11-22). The primitive 
work, represented in the present composition by columns 1 and XV- 
XIX, draws its inspiration from Daniel xi, 40-XII, 3, and describes the 
final battle against the Kittim. This account was later combined with the 
concept of a holy forty years' war against the entire Gentile world, and 
was extended by the addition of a long series of Rules concerned with 
the military and religious preparation and with the conduct of the 
fighting (columns ll-XIV). This appears to me to offer a more 
satisfactory explanation of ttie literary complexities of ttie manuscript 
than do the previous hypotheses. The text of the manuscripts from 
Cave 4, especially (4Q491 ) and (4Q493)> indicate that diverse 
redactions of the War Rule coexisted in the Qumran library. 

The only certain pointer to the date of the compilation of the War 
Rule is that, since the author made use of the Bool< of Daniel written 
shortly after 164 BCE, his own wori< must have been started after that 
time. But a more accurate dating may be attempted by studying the 
military strategy and tactics described in ttie Scroll. Scholars are 
divided in their opinion as to whether tlie sons of light modelled them 
on Greek or Roman custom, or wtiettier they merely drew ttieir ideas 
from tlie Bible. Scripture doubtless exercised a definite influence on 



the author of this Rule, but there is nevertheless a great deal of 
material completely foreign to it, and he must have possessed, in 
addition, at least some acquaintance with contemporary warfare. 

With Y Yadin and other archaeologists and historians, I believe that 
both the weapons and the tactics of the War Rule correspond to the art 
of war practised by the Roman legion rather than by the Greek 
phalanx. In particular, the square shield (scutum) of the foot-soldier, 
and the buckler of the horseman (paima or clipeus), the battle array of 
three lines (acies triplex), the 'gates of war' or openings between the 
units (intervalla), seem to be characteristically Roman. In addition, only 
the cavalry were to wear greaves - a custom introduced into the 
Roman army during the time of Julius Caesar in the middle of the first 
century BCE. This and similar details, as well as the general 
representation of the Kittim as masters of the world, lead one to 
conclude that the War Rule was written some time after the middle of 
the first century BCE, and since the reference to the 'king' of the Kittim 
points to the Imperial epoch (after 27 BCE), the date of its composition 
should probably be placed in the last decades of the first century BCE 
or at the beginning of the first century CE. 

This work should not be mistaken for a manual of military warfare 
pure and simple. It is a theological writing, and the war of which it 
treats symbolizes the eternal struggle between the spirits of Light and 
Darkness. The phases of its battle are fxed In advance, its plan 
established and its duration predetermined. The opposing forces are 
equally matched and only by the intervention of 'the mighty hand of 
God' is the balance between them to be disturbed when he deals an 
'everlasting blow' to 'Belial and all the host of his kingdom'. 

I For the M[aster. The Rule of] War on the unleashing of the attack of 
the sons of light against the company of the sons of darkness, the 
army of Belial: against the band of Edom, Moab,and the sons 
ofAmmon, and [against the army of the sons of the East and] the 
Philistines, and against the bands of the Kittim ofAssyriaand their 
allies the ungodly of the Covenant 

The sons of Levi, Judah, and Benjamin, the exiles in the desert, shall 
battle against them in ... all their bands when the exiled sons of light 



return from the Desert of the Peoples to camp in the Desert of 
Jerusalem; and after the battle they shall go up from there (to 
Jerusalem?). 

[The king] of the Kittim [shall enter] into Egypt, and in his time he 
shall set out in great wrath to wage war against the kings of the north, 
that his fury may destroy and cut the horn of [Israel]. This shall be a time 
of salvation for the people of God, an age of dominion for all the 
members of His company and of everlasting destruction for all the 
company of Belial. The confusion of the sons of Japheth shall be 
[great] and Assyria shall fall unsuccoured. The dominion of the Kittim 
shall come to an end and iniquity shall be vanquished, leaving no 
remnant; [for the sons] of darkness there shall be no escape. [The sons 
of righteous]ness shall shine over all the ends of the earth; they shall go 
on shining until all the seasons of darkness are consumed and, at the 
season appointed by God, His exalted greatness shall shine eternally 
to the peace, blessing, glory, joy, and long life of all the sons of light. 

On the day when the Kittim fall, there shall be battle and terrible 
carnage before the God of Israel, for that shall be the day appointed 
from ancient times for the battle of destruction of the sons of darkness. 
At that time, the assembly of gods and the hosts of men shall battle, 
causing great carnage; on the day of calamity the sons of light shall 
battle with the company of darkness amid the shouts of a mighty 
multitude and the clamour of gods and men to (make manifest) the 
might of God. And it shall be a time of [great] tribulation for the people 
which God shall redeem; of all its afflictions none shall be as this, from 
its sudden beginning until its end in eternal redemption. 

On the day of their battle against the Kittim [they shall set out for] 
carnage. In three lots shall the sons of light brace themselves in battle 
to strike down iniquity and in three lots shall Belial's host gird itself to 
thrust back the company [of God. And when the hearts of the 
detach]ments of foot-soldiers faint, then shall the might of God fortify 
[the hearts of the sons of light]. And with the seventh lot, the mighty 
hand of God shall bring down [the army of Belial, and all] the angels of 
his kingdom, and all the members [of his company in everlasting 
destruction] ... 

{... The priests, the Levites and the heads of [the tribes] ... the priests 



as well as the Levites and the divisions of} (4Q464) II the fifty-two 
heads of family of the congregation. 

They shall rank the chief Priests below the High Priest and his vicar. 
And the twelve chief Priests shall minister at the dally sacrifice before 
God, whereas the twenty-six leaders of the priestly divisions shall 
minister In their divisions. 

Below them, in perpetual ministry, sliall be the chiefs of the Levites 
to the number of twelve, one for each tribe. The leaders of their 
divisions shall minister each In his place. 

Below them shall be the chiefs of the tribes together with the heads 
of family of the congregation. They shall attend dally at the gates of the 
Sanctuary, whereas the leaders of their divisions, with their numbered 
men, shall attend at their appointed times, on new moons and on 
Sabbaths and on all the days of the year, their age being fifty years 
and over. 

These are the men who shall attend at holocausts and sacrif ces to 
prepare sweet-smelling incense for the good pleasure of God, to 
atone for all His congregation, and to satisfy themselves perpetually 
before Him at the table of glory. They shall an-ange all these things 
during the season of the year of Release. 

During the remaining thirty-three years of the war, the men of 
renown, those summoned to the Assembly, together with all the heads 
of family of the congregation, shall choose for themselves fighting-men 
for aii the iands of the nations. They shall arm for themseives warriors 
from all the tribes of Israel to enter the army year by year when they are 
summoned to war. But they shall arm no man for entry into the army 
during the years of Release, for they are Sabbaths of rest for Israel. In 
the thirty-five years of service, the war shall be fought during six; the 
whole congregation shall fight It together. And during the remaining 
twenty-nine years the war shall be divided. During the first year they 
shall fight against Aram-Naharalm; during the second, against the 
sons of Lud; during the third, against the remnant of the sons of Aram, 
against Uz and Hui and Togar and IVIesha beyond the Euphrates; 
during the fourth and fifth, they shall fight against the sons of 
Arpachshad; during the sixth and seventh, against all the sons of 
Assyria and Persia and the East as far as the Great Desert; during the 



eighth year they shall light against the sons of Elam; during the ninth, 
against the sons of Ishmael and Keturah. In the ten years which foiiow, 
the war shall be divided against all the sons of Ham according to [their 
cians and in their ha]bitations; and during the ten years which remain, 
the war shall be divided against all [the sons of Japheth in] their 
habitations. 

[The Rule for the trumpets of Summons and the trumpe]ts of Alarm 
according to all their duties 

... [the trumpets of Summons shaii sound for disposal in] iii battle 
formations and to summon the foot-soldiers to advance when the 
gates of war shaii open; and the trumpets of Alarm shaii sound for 
massacre, and for ambush, and for pursuit when the enemy shall be 
smitten, and for retreat from battle. 

On the trumpets calling the congregation they shaii write. The Called 
of God. 

On ttie trumpets calling the chiefs they stiall write. The Princes of 

God 

On the trumpets of the levies they shaii write. The Army of God. 

On the trumpets of the men of renown and of the heads of family of 
the congregation gathered in the house of Assembly they shaii write. 
Summoned by God to the Council of Holiness. 

On the trumpets of the camps they shall write. The Peace of God in 
the Camps of His Saints. 

And on the trumpets for breaking camp they shaii write. The mighty 
Deeds of God shall Crush the Enemy, Putting to Flight all those v\ho 
Hate Righteousness and bringing Shame on those vtio Hate Him. 

On the trumpets for battle formations they shaii write, Formations of 
the Divisions of God for the Vengeance of His Wrath on the Sons of 
Darkness. 

On the trumpets summoning the foot-soldiers to advance towards 
the enemy formations when the gates of war are opened they shaii 
write. Reminder of Vengeance in God's Appointed Time. 

On ttie trumpets of massacre they shaii write. The Mighty Hand of 
God in War shall Cause all the Ungodly Slain to Fall. 

On the trumpets of ambush they shaii write. The Mysteries of God 



shall Undo Wickedness. 

On the trumpets of pursuit they shall write, God has Smitten All the 
Sons of Darkness; His Fury shall not End until They are Utterly 
Consumed. 

On the trumpets of retreat, when they retreat from battle to the 
formation, they shall write, God has Reassembled. 

On the trumpets of retum from battle against the enemy when they 
journey to the congregation in Jerusalem they shall write. Rejoicings of 
God in the Peaceful Retum. 

The Rule for the standards of Uie vJhole congregation according to 

their levies 

On the great standard at the head of the people they shall write, The 
People of God, together with the names of Israel and Aaron, and the 
names of the twelve [tribes of Israel], according to the order of their 

precedence. 

On the standards of the camp columns formed by three tribes they 
shall write, ... of God, together with the name of the leader of the camp 

On the standard of the tribe they shall write. Banner of God, together 
with the name of the leader of [the tribe and the names of the chiefs of 

its clans]. 

[On the standard of the Myriad they shall write, ... of God, together 
with] the name of the chief of the IVIyriad and the names of the [leaders 
of its Thousands]. 

[On the standard of the Thousand they shall write, ... of God, together 
with the name of the chief of the Thousand and the names of the 
leaders of its Hundreds]. 

[On the standard of Hundred] ... 
IV On the standard of Merari they shall write. The Votive-Offering of 
God, together with the name of the chief of Merari and the names of 
the leaders of its Thousands. 

On the standard of the Thousand they shall write. The Wrath of God 
is Kindled against Belial and against the Men of his Company, 
Leaving no Remnant, together with the name of the chief of the 
Thousand and the names of the leaders of its Hundreds. 



On the standard of the Hundred they shall write, From God comes 
the Might of War against All Sinful Fiesh, together with the name of 
the chief of the Hundred and the names of the leaders of its Fifties. 

On the standard of the Fifty they shall write, The Stand of the 
Ungodly is Ended by the Power of God, together with the name of the 
chief of the Fifty and the names of the leaders of its Tens. 

On the standard of the Ten they shall write. Praised be God on the 
Ten-stringed Harp, together with the name of the chief of the Ten and 
the names of the nine men under his command. 

When they march out to battle they shall write on their standards, Truth 
of God, Justiceof God, Glory of God, Judgement of God, followed by 
the whole ordered list of their names. 

When they approach for battle they shall write on ttieir standards, 
Right Hand of God, Appointed Time of God, Tumult of God, Slain of 
God, followed by the whole list of their names. 

When they return from battle they shall write on their standards. 
Honour of God, Majesty of God, Splendour of God, Glory of God, 
together with the whole list of their names. 

The Rule for the standards of the congregation 
When they set out for battle they shall write on ttie first standard 
Congrega^on of God, on the second standard Camps of God, on the 
third standard Tribes of God, on the fourth standard Clans of God, on 
the fifth standard Divisions of God, on the sixth standard Assembly of 
God, on the seventh standard The Called of God, on the eighth 
standard Hosts of God; and they stiall write the list of their names with 
all their order. 

When they approach for battle they shall write on ttieir standards. 
War of God, Vengeance of God, Trial of God, Reward of God, Power 
of God, Retributions of God, Might of God, Extenvination of God for 
all the Nations of Vanity; and they shall write on ttiem the wtiole list of 
their names. 

When they return from battle they shall write on their standards. 
Salvation of God, Victory of God, Help of God, Support of God, Joy of 



God, Thanksgivings of God, Praise of God, Peace of God. 

[The measurements of the standards.] The standard of the whole 
congregation shall be fourteen cubits long; the standard [of the three 
tribes,] thirteen cubits long; [the standard of the tribe,] twelve cubits; 
[the standard of the Myriad], eleven cubits; [the standard of the 
Thousand, ten cubits; the standard of the Hundred,] nine cubits; [the 
standard of the Fifty, eight] cubits; the standard of the Ten, s[even 
cubits] ... 

V And on the sh[ield of] the Prince of all the congregation they shall 
write his name, together with the names of Israel, Levi and Aaron, and 
the names of the twelve tribes of Israel according to the order of their 
precedence, with the names of their twelve chiefs. 

Ttie Rule for ttte ordering of the batUe divisions to complete a front 
formation vhen their host has reached its full number 

The formation shall consist of one thousand men ranked seven lines 
deep, each man standing behind the other. 

They shall all hold shields of bronze bumlshed like mirrors. The 
shield shall be edged with an Interlaced border and with inlaid 
ornament, a work of art In pure gold and silver and bronze and 
precious stones, a many-coloured design worked by a craftsman. The 
length of the shield shall be two and a half cubits and Its width one and 
a half cubits. 

In their hands they shall hold a spear arKi a sword. The length of the 
spear shall be seven cubits, of which the socket and spike shall 
measure half a cubit. The socket shall be edged with three embossed 
interlaced rings of pure gold and silver and bronze, a work of art. The 
inlaid omaments on both edges of the ring shall be bordered with 
precious stones - patterned bands worked by a craftsman - and 
(embossed) with ears of com. Between the rings, the socket shall be 
embossed with artistry like a pillar. The spike shall be made of brilliant 
white Iron, the work of a craftsman; In Its centre, pointing towards the 
tip, shall be ears of corn in pure gold. 

The swords shall be made of pure iron refined by the smelter and 



blanched to resemble a mirror, the work of a craftsman; on both sides 
(of their blades) pointing towards the tip, figured ears of com shall be 
embossed in pure gold, and they shall have two straight borders on 
each side. The length of the sword shall be one and a half cubits and 
Its width four fingers. The width of the scabbard shall be four thumbs. 
There shall be four palms to the scabbard (from the girdle), and It shall 
be attached (to the girdle) on both sides for a length of five palms (?). 
The hilt of the sword shall be of pure hom worked by a craftsman, with 
patterned bands In gold and silver and precious stones... vacat 

When... shall stand, the ... they shall order the seven battle divisions, 
division after division... thirty cubits where the me[n of the division] shall 
stand... 

VI seven times and shall return to their positions. 

And after them, three divisions of foot-soldlers shall advance and 
shall station themselves between the formations, and the first division 
shall hurl seven javelins of war towards the enemy formation. On the 
point of the javelins they shall write, ShiningJavelinof the Power of 
God; and on the darts of the second division they shall write, Bloody 
Spikes to Bring Down tlie Slain by the Wrath of God; and on the 
javelins of the third division they shall write. Flaming Blade to Devour 
the Wicked Struck Down by the Judgement of God. All these shall hurl 
their javelins seven times and shall aften/vards return to their positions. 

Then two divisions of foot-soldiers shall advance and shall station 
themselves between the two formations. The first division shall be 
armed with a spear and a shield, and the second with a shield and a 
sword, to bring down the slain by the judgement of God, and to bend 
the enemy formation by the power of God, to pay the reward of their 
wickedness to all the nations of vanity. And sovereignty shall be to the 
God of Israel, and He shall accomplish mighty deeds by the saints of 
his people. 

Seven troops of horsemen shall also station themselves to the right 
and to the left of the formation; their troops shall stand on this (side) 
and on that, seven hundred horsemen on one fiank and seven hundred 



horsemen on the other. Two hundred horsemen shall advance with the 
thousand men of the formation of foot-soldiers; arxi they shall likewise 
station themselves on both [flanks] of the camp. Altogether there shall 
be four thousand six hundred (men), and one thousand cavalrymen 
with the men of ttie army formations, fifty to each formation. The 
horsemen, together with the cavalry of the army shall number six 
thousand: five hundred to each tribe. 

The horses advancing into battle with the foot-soldiers shall all be 
stallions; they shall be swift, sensitive of mouth, and sound of wind, and 
of the required age, trained for war, and accustomed to noise and to 
every (kind of) sight. Their riders shall be gallant fighting men and 
skilled horsemen, and their age shall be from thirty to forty-five years. 
The horsemen of the army shall be from forty to fifty years old. They 
[and ttieir mounts shall wear breast-plates,] helmets, and greaves; they 
shall carry in their hands bucklers, and a spear [eight cubits] long. [The 
horseman advancing with the foot-soldiers shall carry] bows and 
arrows and javelins of war. They shall all hold themselves prepared ... 
of God and to spill the blood of the wicked ... 

VII The men of the army shall be from forty to fifty years old. The 
inspectors of the camps shall be from fifty to sixty years old. The 
officers shall be from forty to fifty years old. The despoilers of the slain, 
the plunderers of booty, the cleansers of ttie land, the keepers of the 
baggage, and those who furnish the provisions shall be from twenty- 
five to thirty years old. 

No boy or woman shall enter their camps, from the time they leave 
Jerusalem and march out to war until they return. No man who is lame, 
or blind, or crippled, or afflicted with a lasting bodily blemish, or smitten 
with a bodily impurity, none of these shall march out to war with them. 
They shall all be freely enlisted for war, perfect in spirit and body and 
prepared for the Day of Vengeance. And no man shall go down with 
them on ttie day of battle wtw is impure because of his 'fount', for the 
holy angels shall be with tfieir hosts. And there shall be a space of 
about two thousand cubits between all their camps for the place 



serving as a latrine, so that no indecent nakedness may be seen in tlie 
surroundings of tlieir camps. 

When the battle formations are marshaiied facing the enemy 
formation facing formation, seven Priests of the sons of Aaron shaii 
advance from the middie gates to the place between the formations. 
They shall be clothed in vestments of white cloth of flax, in a fine linen 
tunic and fine linen breeches; and they shall be girdled with fine cloth of 
flax embroidered with blue, purple, and scarlet thread, a many- 
coloured design worked by a craftsman. And on their heads they shall 
wear mitred turbans. These shall be battle raiment; they shall not take 
them into the Sanctuary. 

The f rst Priest shall advance before the men of the formation to 
strengthen their hand for battle, and the six other Priests shall hold in 
their hands the trumpets of Summons, and the trumpets of the 
Reminder, and the trumpets of Alarm (for massacre), and the trumpets 
of Pursuit, and the trumpets of Retreat. And when the Priests advance 
to the place between the formations, seven Levites shall accompany 
them bearing in their hands seven rams' horns; and three officers of 
the Levites shall walk before the Priests and Levites. The Priests shall 
sound the two trumpets of Sum[mons for the gates of] war to open fifty 
shields (wide) and the foot-soldiers shall advance, fifty from one gate 
[and fifty from the other. With them shall advance] the officers of the 
Levites, and they shall advance with every formation according to all 
this R[ule]. 

[The Priests shall sound the trumpets, and two divisions of foot-] 
soldiers [shall advance] from the gate [and shall] station [themselves] 
between the two [formations] ... VIII the trumpets shall sound to direct 
the slingers until they have cast seven times. Afterwards, the Priests 
shall sound for them the trumpets of Retreat and they shall return to the 
flank of the first formation to take up their position. 

Then the Priests shall sound the trumpets of Summons and three 
divisions of foot-soldiers shall advance from the gates and shall station 
themselves between the formations; the horsemen shall be on their 
flanks, to the right and to the left. The Priests shall sound a sustained 
blast on the tmmpets for battle array, and the columns shall move to 



their (battle) array, each man to his piace. And when they have tal<en 
up their stand in three an^ys, the Priests shall sound a second signal, 
soft and sustained, for them to advance until they are close to the 
enemy formation. They shall seize their weapons, and the Priests shall 
then blow a shrill staccato blast on the six trumpets of Massacre to 
direct the battle, and the Levites and all the blowers of rams' horns 
shall sound a mighty alarm to terrify the heart of the enemy, and 
therewith the javelins shall fly out to bring down the slain. Then the 
sound of the horns shall cease, but the Priests stiall continue to blow a 
shrill staccato blast on the trumpets to direct the battle until they have 
thrown seven times against the enemy formation. And then they shall 
sound a soft, a sustained, and a shrill sound on the trumpets of 
Retreat. 

It is according to this Rule that the Priests shall sound the trumpets 
for the three divisions. With the first throw, the [Priests] shall sound [on 
the trumpets] a mighty alarm to direct the ba[ttle until they have thrown 
seven times. Then] the Priests [shall sound] for them on the trumpets 
[of Retreat a soft, a sustained, and a shrill sound, and they shall return] 
to their positions in the formation. 

[Then the Priests shall blow the trumpets of Summons and the two 
divisions of foot-soldiers shall advance from the gates] and shall stand 
[between the formations. And the Priests shall then blow the trumpets 
of] IVIassacre, [and the Levites and all the blowers of rams' horns shall 
sound an alarm, a mighty blast, and therewith] IX they shall set about to 
bring down the slain with their hands. All the people shall cease their 
clamour but the Priests shall continue to blow the trumpets of 
Massacre to direct the battle until the enemy is smitten and put to flight; 
and the Priests shall blow to direct the battle. 

And when they are smitten before them, the Priests shall sound the 
trumpets of Summons and all the foot-soldiers shall rally to them from 
the midst of the front formations, and the six divisions, together with the 
fighting division, shall take up their stations. Altogether, they shall be 
seven formations: twenty-eight thousarxJ flghting men and six thousand 
horsemen. 

All these shall pursue the enemy to destroy him in an everlasting 
destruction in the battle of God. The Priests shall sound for them the 



trumpets of Pursuit, and they shall deploy against all the enemy In a 
pursuit to destruction; arxi the horsemen shall thrust them back on the 
flanks of the battle until they are utterly destroyed. 

And as the slain men fell, the Priests shall trumpet from afer; they 
shall not approach the slain lest they be defiled with unclean blood. For 
they are holy, and they shall rxjt profene the anointing of their 
priesthood with the blood of nations of vanity. 

The Rule for changes in battle order to form the position of a squa[re 
with tovers], a concave line wth tovers, a convex line wth tov\ers, a 
shallow/ convex line obtained by the advance of the centre, or (by the 
advance of) both flanlis to terrify the enemy 

The shields of the towers shall be three cubits long and their spears 
eight cubits. The tower shall advance from the formation and shall have 
one hundred shields to each side; in this [manner,] the tower shall be 
surrounded on three sides by three hundred shields. And it shall also 
have two gates, [one to the right] and one to the left. 

They shall write on all the shields of the towers: on the first, Michael, 
[on the second, Gabriel, on the third,] Sariel, and on the fourth, 
Raphael. Michael and Gabriel [shall stand on the right, and Sariel and 
Raphael on the left] ... they shall set an ambush to... 
... X our camps and to keep us from all that is indecent and evil. 

Furthermore, (Moses) taught us, 'Thou art in the midst of us, a 
mighty God and terrible, causing all our enemies to flee before [us].' 
He taught our generations in former times saying. When you draw 
near to battle, the Priest shall rise and speak to the people saying. 
Hear, O Israel! You draw near to battle this day against your 
enemies. Do not fear! Do not let your hearts be afraid! Do not be 
Perrifled], and have no fear! For your God goes wth you to fight for 
you against your enemies that He may deliver you' {Deul. XX, 2-4). 

Our officers shall speak to all those prepared for battle. They shall 
strengthen by the power of God the freely devoted of heart, and shall 
make all the fearful of heart withdraw; they shall fortify all the mighty 
men of war. They shall recount that which Thou [saidst] through IVIoses: 
When you go to war in your land against the oppressor Who 
oppresses you, jyou] shall blow the trumpets, and you shall tie 



remembered before your God and shall be saved from your enemies 
(Num. X, 9). 

O God of Israel, who is like Thee 
in heaven or on earth? 

Who accomplishes deeds and mighty works like Thine? 

Who is like Thy people Israel 

which Thou hast chosen for Thyself 

from all the peoples of the lands; 

the people of the saints of the Covenant, 

instructed in the laws 

and learned in wisdom ... 

who have heard the voice of IVIajesty 

and have seen the Angels of Holiness, 

whose ear has been unstopped, 

and who have heard profound things? 

[Thou, O God, hast created] the expanse of the heavens 

and the host of heavenly lights, 

the tasks of the spirits 

and the dominion of the Holy Ones, 

the treasury of glory 

[and the canopy of the] clouds. 

(Thou art Creator of) the earth 

and of the laws dividing it into desert and grassland; 

of all that it brings forth 

and of all its fruits [according to their kinds;] 

of the circle of the seas 

and of the gathering-place of the rivers 

and of the divisions of the deeps; 

of the beasts and birds 

and of the shape of Adam 

and of the gene[rations of] his [seed]; 

of the confusion of tongues 

and of the scattering of the peoples. 



of the dwelling In clans 
and of the Inheritance of lands; 
...of the sacred seasons 
and of the cycles of the years 
and of time everlasting. 

XI Truly the battle Is Thine! Their bodies are crushed by the might of 
Thy hand and there is no man to bury them. 

Thou didst deliver Goliath of Gath, the mighty vl^arrior, into the hands 
of David Thy servant, because in place of the sword and in place of the 
spear he put his trust in Thy great Name; for Thine is the battle. Many 
times, by Thy great Name, did he triumph over the Philistines. Many 
times hast Thou also delivered us by the hand of our kings through Thy 
loving-kindness, and not in accordance with our works by which we 
have done evil, nor according to our rebellious deeds. 

Truly the battle is Thine and the power from Thee! It is not ours. Our 
strength and the power of our hands accomplish no mighty deeds 
except by Thy power and by the might of Thy great valour This Thou 
hast taught us from ancient times, saying, A star shall come out of 
Jacob, and a sceptre shall rise out of Israel. He shall smite the 
temples ofMoab and destroy all the children ofSheth. He shall rule 
out of Jacob and shall cause the sur\/ivors of the city to perish. The 
enemy shall be his possession and Israel shall accomplish mighty 
deeds (Num. xxiv, 1 7-1 9). 

By the hand of Thine anointed, who discerned Thy testimonies, Thou 
hast revealed to us the [times] of the battles of Thy hands that Thou 
mayest glorify Thyself in our enemies by levelling the hordes of Belial, 
the seven nations of vanity, by the harxJ of Thy poor wfxjm Thou hast 
redeemed [by Thy might] and by the fullness of Thy marvellous power. 
(Thou hast opened) the door of hope to the melting heart: Thou wilt do 
to them as Thou didst to Pharaoh, and to the captains of his chariots In 
the Red Sea. Thou wilt kindle the downcast of spirit and they shall be a 
flaming torch in the straw to consume ungodliness and never to cease 
till iniquity Is destroyed. 

From ancient times Thou hast fore[told the hour] when the might of 
Thy hand (would be raised) against the KIttIm, saying, Assyria shall 



fall by the smrd of no man, the sword of no mere man shall devour 
him (Isa. xxxi, 8). For Thou wilt deliver into the hands of the poor the 
enemies from all the lands, to humble the mighty of the peoples by the 
hand of those bent to the dust, to bring upon the [head of Thine 
enemies] the reward of the wicked, and to justify Thy true judgement in 
the midst of all the sons of men, and to make for Thyself an everlasting 
Name among the people [whom Thou hast redeemed] ... of battles to 
be magnified and sanctified In the eyes of the remnant of the peoples, 
that ttiey may krxjw... when Thou chastisest Gog and all his assembly 
gathered about him ... 

For Thou wilt fight with them from heaven... XII For the multitude of 
the Holy Ones [is with Thee] in heaven, and the host of the Angels is in 
Thy holy abode, praising Thy Name. And Thou hast established in [a 
community] for Thyself the elect of Thy holy people. [The list] of the 
names of aii their host is with Thee in the abode of Thy holiness; [the 
reckoning of the saints] is in Thy giorious dwelling-place. Thou hast 
recorded for them, with the graving-tool of life, the favours of [Thy] 
blessings and the Covenant of Thy peace, that Thou mayest reign 
[over them] for ever and ever and throughout all the eternai ages. Thou 
wilt muster the [hosts of] Thine [eiject, in their Thousands and IVIyriads, 
with Thy Holy Ones [and with aii] Thine Angels, that they may be mighty 
in battle, [and may smite] the rebels of the earth by Thy great 
judgements, arxJ that [they may triumph] togetfier with the elect of 
heaven. 

For Thou art [terribie], O God, in the glory of Thy kingdom, and the 
congregation of Thy Holy Ones is among us for everlasting succour 
We will despise kings, we wiii mock and scorn the mighty; for our Lord 
is holy and the King of Glory is with us together with the Holy Ones. 
Valiant [warriors] of the angelic host are among our numbered men, 
and the Hero of war is with our congregation; the host of His spirits is 
with our foot-soidiers and horsemen. [They are as] clouds, as ciouds of 
dew (covering) the earth, as a shower of rain shedding judgement on 
all that grows on the earth. 

Rise up, O Hero! 

Lead off Thy captives, O Glorious One! 



Gather up Thy spoils, O Author of mighty deeds! 

Lay Thy hand on the neoi< of Thine enemies 

and Thy feet on the pile of the slain! 

Smite the nations, Thine adversaries, 

and devour the flesh of the sinner with Thy sword! 

Fill Thy land with glory 

and Thine inheritance with blessing! 

Let there be a multitude of cattle InThy fields, 

and in Thy palaces silver and gold and precious stones! 

O Zion, rejoice greatly! 

O Jerusalem, show thyself amidst jubilation! 

Rejoice, all you cities of Judah; 

keep your gates ever open 

that the hosts of the nations 

may be brought in! 

Their kings shall serve you 

and all your oppressors shall bow down before you; 

[they shall lick] the dust [of your feet]. 

Shout for joy, [O daughters of] my people! 

Deck yourselves with glorious jewels 

and rule over [the kingdoms of the nations! 

Sovereignty shall be to the Lord] 

and everlasting dominion to Israel. 

...XIII (The High Priest) shall come, and his brethren the Priests and 
the Levites, and all the elders of the army shall be with him; and 
standing, they shall bless Vne God of Israel and all His works of truth, 
and shall execrate Belial there and all Uie spirits of his company. 
Speaking, they shall say: 

Blessed be the God of Israel for all His holy purpose and for His 
works of truth! Blessed be all those wtio [serve] Him in righteousness 
and who know Him by faith! 

Cursed be Belial for his sinful purpose and may he be execrated for 
his wicked rule! Cursed be all the spirits of his company for their 



ungodly purpose atxl may they be execrated for all their service of 
uncleanness! 

Truly they are the company of Darkness, but the company of God is 
one of [eternal] Light. 

[Thou art] the God of our fathers; we bless Thy Name for ever. We 
are the people of Thine [inheritance]; Thou didst make a Covenant with 
our fathers, and wilt establish it with their children throughout eternal 
ages. And in all Thy glorious testimonies there has been a reminder of 
Thy mercies among us to succour the remnant, the survivors of Thy 
Covenant, that they might [recount] Thy works of truth and the 
judgements of Thy marvellous mighty deeds. 

Thou hast created us for Thyself, [O God], that we may be an 
everlasting people. Thou hast decreed for us a destiny of Light 
according to Thy truth. And the Prince of Light Thou hast appointed 
from ancient times to come to our support; [all the sons of 
righteousness are in his hand], and all the spirits of truth are under his 
dominion. But Belial, the Angel of IVIalevolence, Thou hast created for 
the Pit; his [rule] is in Darkness and his purpose is to bring about 
wickedness and iniquity All the spirits of his company, the Angels of 
Destruction, walk according to the precepts of Darkness; towards 
them is their [inclination]. 

But let us, the company of Thy truth, rejoice in Thy mighty hand and 
be glad for Thy salvation, and exult because of Thy suc[cour and] 
peace. O God of Israel, who can compare with Thee in might? Thy 
mighty hand is with the poor. Which angel or prince can compare with 
Thy [redeeming] succour? [For Thou hast appointed] the day of battle 
from ancient times ... [to come to the aid] of truth and to destroy 
iniquity to bring Darkness low and to magnify Light ... to stand for ever, 
and to destroy all the sons of Darkness ... 

... XIV like the fire of His wrath against the idols of Egypt. 

And wtien they have risen from ttie slain to retum to the camp, they 
shall all sing the Psalm of Retum. And in the morning, they shall wash 
their garments, and shall cleanse themselves of the blood of the 
bodies of the ungodly. And they shall return to the positions in which 
they stood In battle fbrmation before the fall of the enemy slain, and 



there they shall all bless the God of Israel. Rejoicing together, they shall 
praise His Name, and speaking they shall say: 

Blessed be the God of Israel 
who keeps mercy towards His Covenant, 
and the appointed times of salvation 
with the people He has delivered! 

He has called them that staggered 

to [marvellous mighty deeds], 

and has gathered in the assembly of the nations 

to destruction without any remnant. 

He has lifted up in judgement the fearful of heart 

and has opened the mouth of the dumb 

that they might praise {the mighty} (4Q491 ) works [of God]. 

He has taught war [to the hand] of the feeble 

and steadied the trembling knee; 

he has braced the back of the smitten. 

Among the poor in spirit [there is power] 

over the hard of heart, 

and by the perfect of way 

all the nations of wickedness have come to an end: 
not one of their mighty men stands, 
but we are the remnant [of Thy people.] 

{Blessed be} (4Q491 ) Thy Name, O God of mercies, 

who hast kept the Covenant with our fathers. 

In all our generations Thou hast bestowed 

Thy wonderful favours on the remnant [of Thy people] 

under the dominion of Belial. 

During all the mysteries of his Malevolence 

he has not made [us] stray from Thy Covenant; 

Thou hast driven his spirite [of destruction] 

far from [us]. 

Thou hast preserved the soul of Thy redeemed 

[when the men] of his dominion {acted wickedly) (4Q491 ). 



Thou hast raised the fallen by Thy strength, 

but hast cut down the great In height 

[and hast brought down the lofty]. 

There Is no rescue for all their mighty men 

and no refuge for their swift men; 

Thou givest to their honoured men a reward of shame, 

all their empty existence [hast Thou turned to nothing]. 

But we. Thy holy people, will praise Thy Name 

because of the works of Thy truth. 

We will exalt Thy splendour because of Thy mighty deeds 

[In all the] seasons and appointed times for ever, 

at the coming of day and at nightfall 

and at the departure of evening and morning. 

For great {Is the design of Thy glory} (4Q49I) 

and of Thy wonderful mysteries on high 

that [Thou shouldst raise up] dust before Thee 

and lay low the 'gods'. 

Rise up, rise up, O God of gods, 

raise Thyself In mlg{ht, King of Kings} (4.Q491 )! 

May all the sons of Darkness [scatter before Thee]! 

The light of Thy greatness [shall shine forth] 

[on 'go] ds' and men. 

[It shall be like a fire bur]nlng 

In the dark places of perdition; 

It shall burn the sinners In the perdition of hell. 

In an eternal blaze 

... In all the eternal seasons. 

They shall recite there [all the] war [hy]mns. Afterwards ttiey shall 
return to [their] cam[ps] ...XV For this shall be a time of distress for 
Israel, [and of the summons] to war against all the nations. There shall 
be eternal deliverance for the company of God, but destruction for all 
the nations of wickedness. 

All ttK>se [who are ready] for battle stiall march out and stiall pitch 



their camp before the king of the Kittim and before all the host of Belial 
gathered about him for the Day [of Revenge] by the Sword of God. 

Then the High Priest shall rise, with the [Priests], his brethren, and 
the Levites, and all the men of the army, and he shall recite aloud the 
Prayer In Time of War [written in the Book] of the Rule concerning this 
time, and also all their Hymns. He shall marshal ail the formations 
there, as Is [written in the Book of War], and the priest appointed for 
the Day of Revenge by the voice of all his brethren shall go forward to 
strengthen the [hearts of the fighting men]. Speaking, he shall say: 

Be strong and valiant; be warriors! Fear noti Do not be [confused 
and do not let your hearts be afraid!) Do not be fearful; fear them not! 
Do not fall back ... for they are a congregation of wickedness and ail 
their works are in Darkness; they tend towards Darkness. [They make 
for themselves] a refuge [in falsehood] and their power shall vanish like 
smoke. Ail the multitudes of their community., shall not be found. 
Damned as they are, ail the substance of their wickedness shall 
quickly fade, like a flower in [the summer-time]. 

[Be brave and] strong for the battle of God! For this day is [the time 
of the battle of] God against all the host of Belial, [and of the judgement 
of] all flesh. The God of Israel lifts His hand in His marvellous [might] 
against ail the spirits of wickedness. [The hosts of] the warrior 'gods' 
gird themselves for battle, [and the] formations of the Holy Ones 
[prepare themselves], for the Day [of Revenge] ... XVI... For the God of 
Israel has called out the sword against ail the nations, and He will do 
mighty deeds by the saints of His people. 

And they shall obey all this Rule [on] the [day] when they stand 
before the camps of the Kittim 

The Priests shall afterwards sound for them the trumpets of the 
Reminder, and the gates of war shall open; the foot-soldiers shall 
advance and the columns shall station themselves between the 
formations. Tfie Priests shall sound for tfiem the signal, 'Battle Array, 
and at the sound of the tnjmpets the columns [shall deploy] until every 
man Is in his place. The Priests shall then sound a secorid signal [for 
them to advance], and when they are within throwing distance of the 
formation of tfie Kittim, each man shall seize his weapon of war. Then 



the six [Priests shall blow on] the trumpets of Massacre a shriii 
staccato blast to direct the battle, and the Levites and all the blowers of 
rams' homs shall sound [a battle alarm], a mighty clamour; and with 
this clamour they shall begin to bring down the slain from among the 
Kittim. All the people shall cease their clamour, [but the Priests shall 
continue to] sound the tmmpets of Massacre, and battle shall be fought 
against the Kittim (vacat). And wtien [Belial] girds himself to come to 
the aid of the sons of darkness, and when the slain among the foot- 
soldiers begin to fall by the mysteries of God, and when all the men 
appointed for battle are put to ordeal by them, the Priests shall sound 
the trumpets of Summons for another formation of the reserve to 
advance into battle; and they shall take up their stand between the 
formations. And for those engaged [in battle] they shall sourxl the 
'Retreat'. 

Then the High Priest shall draw near, and standing before the 
formation, he shall strengthen by the power of God their hearts [and 
hands] in His battle. Speaking he shall say: ... the slain, for you have 
heard from ancient times through the mysteries of God ... 

...XVII He will pay their reward with burning [fire by the hand of] 
those tested in the crucible. He will sharpen His weapons and will not 
tire until all the wicked nations are destroyed. Remember the 
judgement [of Nadab and Ab]ihu, sons of Aaron, by whose judgement 
God showed Himself holy in the eyes [of Israel. But Eleazar] and 
Ithamar He confirmed in an everlasting [priestly] Covenant. 

Be strong and fear not; [for they tend] towards chaos and confusion, 
and they lean on that which is not and [shall not be. To the God] of 
Israel belongs all that is and shall be; [He knows] all the happenings of 
eternity This is the day appointed by Him for the defeat and overthrow 
of the Prince of the kingdom of wickedness, and He will send eternal 
succour to the company of His redeemed by the might of the princely 
Angel of the kingdom of Michael. With everlasting light He will 
enlighten with joy [the children] of Israel; peace and blessing shall be 
with the company of God. He will raise up the kingdom of IVIichael in 
the midst of the gods, and the realm of Israel in the midst of all flesh. 
Righteousness shall rejoice on high, and all the children of His truth 
shall jubilate in eternal knowledge. And you, the sons of His Covenant, 



be strong in the ordeal of God! His mysteries shall uphold you until He 
moves His hand for His trials to come to an end. 

After these words, the Priests shall sound to marshal them into the 
divisions of the formation; arxl at the sound of the trumpets the 
columns shall deploy until [every man is] in his place. Then the Priests 
shall sound a second signal on the trumpets for them to advance, and 
when the [foot-]soldiers approach throwing distance of the formation of 
the Kittim, every man shall seize his weapon of war. The Priests shall 
blow the trumpets of Massacre, [and the Levites and all] the blowers of 
rams' horns shall sound a battle alarm, and the foot-soldiers shall 
stretch out their hands against the host of the Kittim; [and at the sound 
of the alarm] they shall begin to bring down the slain. All the people 
shall cease their clamour, but the Priests shall continue to blow [the 
trumpets of IVIassacre and battle shall be fought against the Kittim.] 

... and in the third lot ... that the slain may fall [by the mysteries] of 
God ... XVIII [In the seventh lot] when the great hand of God is raised in 
an everlasting blow against Belial and all the hosts of his kingdom, and 
when Assyria is pursued [amidst the shouts of Angels] and the clamour 
of the Holy Ones, the sons of Japheth shall fall to rise no more. The 
Kittim shall be crushed without [remnant, and no man shall be saved 
from among them]. 

[At that time, on the day] when the hand of the God of Israel is raised 
against all the multitude of Belial, the Priests shall blow [the six 
trumpets] of the Reminder and all the battle formations shall rally to 
them and shall divide against all the [camps of the] Kittim to destroy 
them utterly [And as] the sun speeds to its setting on that day the High 
Priest shall stand, together [with the Levites] who are with him and the 
[tribal] chiefs [and the elders] of the army and they shall bless the God 
of Israel there. Speaking they shall say: 

Blessed be Thy Name, O God [of gods], for Thou hast worked great 
marvels [with Thy people]! Thou hast kept Thy Covenant with us from of 
old, and hast opened to us the gates of salvation many times. For the 
[sake of Thy Covenant Thou hast removed our misery, in accordance 
with] Thy [goodness] towards us. Thou hast acted for the sake of Thy 
Name, O God of righteousness ... [Thou hast worked a marvellous] 
miracle [for us], and from ancient times there never was anything like it. 



For Thou didst know the time appointed for us and it has appeared 
[before us] this day ... [Thou hast shown] us [Thy merciful tiand] in 
everiasting redemption by causing [the dominion of] the enemy to faii 
bacl< for ever. (Thou hast shown us) Thy mighty hand in [a strol<e of 
destruction in the war against aii] our enemies. 

And now the day speeds us to the pursuit of ttieir multitude ... Thou 
hast delivered up the hearts of the brave so that they stand no more. 
For Thine is the power, and the battle is in Thy handsl ... XIX For our 
Sovereign is holy and the King of Glory is with us; the [host of his 
spirits is with our foot-soldiers and horsemen. They are as clouds, as 
clouds of dew] covering the earth, and as a shower of rain shedding 
righteousness on [all that grows there]. 

[Rise up, O Hero! 

Lead off Thy captives, O Glorious Onel 

Gather up] Thy spoils, O Author of mighty deeds! 

Lay Thy hand on the neck of Thine enemies 

and Thy feet [on the pile of the slain! 

Smite the nations. Thine adversaries], 

and devour flesh with Thy sword! 

Fill Thy land with glory 

and Thine inheritance with blessing! 

[Let there be a multitude of cattle InThy fields, 

and in] Thy palaces 

[silver and gold and precious stones]! 

O Zion, rejoice greatly! 

Rejoice all you cities of Judah! 

[Keep your gates ever open 

that the] hosts of the nations 

[maybe brought in]! 

Their kings shall serve you 

and all your oppressors shall bow down before you; 

[they shall lick the dust of your feet. 

Shout for joy, O daughters of] my people! 



Deck yourselves with glorious jewels 
[and rule over the kingdom of the nations! 
Sovereignty shall be to the Lord] 
and everlasting dominion to Israel. 

(1 QM combined with 4QIV|MQ492) 
{Then they shall gather in} the camp that night to rest until the morning. 
And in the morning {they shall go to the place where the formation 
stood before the} warriors of the Kittim fell, as well as the multitudes of 
Assyria, and the hosts of all the [assembled] nations {to discover 
whether} the multitude of the stricken are dead {with none to bury 
them}, those who fell there under the Sword of God. And the High 
Priest shall draw near, [with his vicar, and the chief Priests] {and the 
Levites} with the Prince of the battle, and all the chiefs of the 
formations and their numbered men; [they shall return to the positions 
which they held before the] slain [began to fall] from among the Kittim, 
and there they shall praise the God {the Most High} ... 



The War Scroll from Cave 4 



(40491,493) 



Of the two groups of fragments belonging to (40491), the first 
echoes sections from columns II, VII, XVI and XVII of 1 0M, but it also 
contains passages without parallels there. The second unit, a poem, 
entitled by the editor 'The Song of Michael arxJ of the Just', is 
additional to 10M. 

As for the manuscript designated (4Q493), its surviving lines 
recall 10M VII, xvi, etc., but do not represent the same recension. 

= 40491, fre. 1-3 

... There shall be one thousand cubits between the [camp and the 
latrine and] rK> nakedness [whatever] shall be seen in their 
surroundings. And when they set out to prepare the battle [to cur]b [the 
enemy, there shall be] among them some exempted in the lot of each 
tribe according to their numbered men for [each] day's duty. On that 
day, some men from all their tribes shall set out from their camps 
towards the House of Meeting ... the [Priestjs, the Levites, and all the 
chiefs of the camps shall go out towards them. They will pass there 
before ... according to the Thousands, Hundreds, Fifties and Tens. 
Whoever shall not [be clean because of his 'fount' on] that [nig]ht shall 
not go with them to the battle, for the holy angels shall be with their 
formations together ... When the formation called up for that day's 
battle to pass to all ... of the war, three formations shall stand, 
formations behind formations. They shall set a space between [all] the 
formations [and they shall go out] to battle in succession. These are the 
[foot-soldie]rs and beside them the [horse]men. (They shall stand 



between the forma]tions. And if they set up an ambush for a formation, 
the three ambushing formations shall be at a distance and shall not 
ri[se] ... of the war and they [shaii he]ar the trumpets of Alarm and the 
[foot-]soidiers [wiii begin to bring dow]n the guiity dead. Afterwards the 
ambush shaii rise from its hiding-piace arranged in formations. The 
reassembly: from the right and from the left, from be[hind and from the 
front, f|our direction[s] ... in the battles of annihilation. And all the 
formations engaged in combat with the ene[my will be in] one [place. 
The f]irst formation [will go out to the battle] and the second stand ... on 
their post. With the completion of their time, the first shall retum and 
rise ... The sec[ond] ... When the battle is joined. And the second 
formation shaii have completed its time and they shall retum and st[and 
on their post]. And the th[ird] ... 

And the chief Priest and his brethren, [the Priests, and] the Levites 
and the m[en of the orde]r [shaii stand]. And the Priests shall blow the 
trumpets continuously ... and a girdle of fine cloth of flax embroidered 
with blue, purple and scarlet threads, a many-coloured design 
produced by a craftsman, and a fine linen tunic and fine linen breeches 
and a mitred turban [on their heads]. They shall not take them to the 
sanctuary f[or] they are ba[ttle] raiments. According to all this rule ... 



The Book of War 



(4Q285, 11Q14) 



A collection of ten small fragments, designated by J. T. Milik as 
Serekh ha-Milhamah or Rule of War, are akin to the War Scroll, 
probably representing Its missing end section. Allusions are found to 
Levites blowing trumpets (fr. 8), to the archangel Michael (fr. 10), to the 
Prince of the Congregation, Identified as the Branch of David (fts. 4 
and 7), as well as to the Klttlm and their slain (frs. 2, 4, 7), all familiar 
from 1QM. The poorly preserved benediction (ft-. 8) can be 
reconstructed with the help of 11Q14 which contains, however, some 
notable variants. Fragment 4 seems to Identify the defeated opponent 
as the biblical Gog (Ezek. xxxlx), the chief foe of the final age, here no 
doubt equated with the king of the Klttlm. Fragment 7, erroneously 
labelled by some as the 'Pierced Messiah ftagment'. Is based on an 
Interpretation of tea. x, 34-xl, 1, and should be read In connection with 
4Q161, frs. 8-10, an Isaiah Commentary from Cave 4, and the 
Blessing of the Prince of the Congregation (IQS'', v, 20-29), both 
referring to the triumphant Davldic Messiah, expected to put an 
opponent, no doubt the king of the Klttlm, to death. Only fts. 1 , 4, 7 and 
8 are suitable for translation. 

For the editioprinceps, see P. S. Alexander and G. Vermes, DJD, 
XXXVI, 228-46. For 11Q14, see R Garcia Martinez et a/., DJD, XXIII, 
243-51. For a preliminary study see G. Vermes, 'The Oxford Forum 
for Qumran Research: Seminar on the Rule of War (4Q285)', JJS 43 
(1992), 85-90. 



4Q285, fr. 1 



... because of Thy name and ... Michael, G[abrie]l, [Sariel and Raphael] 
... with the elect of ... 



4Q285, fr. 4 



... wicl<edness will be smitten ... [the Prinjce of the Congregation and 
all ls[rael] ... [which wa]s written [in the bool< of Ezekiel the Prophet, / 
wll strike your bowfrom your left hand and wll make your arrom drop 
from your right hand.] On the mountains of [Israel you shall fall] ... 
[the l<ing of] the Kittim ... [the Prjince of the congregation [will pursue 
them] as far as the [Great] Sea ... [and they shall fleje from before 
Israel. In that time ... he shall stand against them and they shall be 
stirred against them ... and they shall return to the dry land. In that time 
... and they shall bring him (the king of the Kittim?) before the Prince [of 
the Congregation] 



4Q285.fr. 7 



The Messiah, Branch of David 

[As it is written in the book of] Isaiah the Prophet, [The thickets of the 
forest] will be cut [dom vvth an axe and Lebanon by a majestic one 
vill f\ all. And there shall come forth a shoot from the stump of Jesse 
[...] the Branch of David and they will enter into judgement with [...] and 
the Prince of the Congregation, the Br[anch of David] will kill him [ ... by 
strok]es and by wounds. And a Priest [of renown(?)] will command [ ... 
thes]lai[n]oftheKitti[m...] 



4Q285, fr.8 



[Answering, he shall say] to the sons of [l]srael: May you be blessed in 
the name of the Most High [God] ... and may His holy name be blessed 
for ever and ever. [May all His holy angels be blessed. May] the M[ost 
High] God [bless] you. [May He shine His face towards you and open 
for you His] good [treasure] which is in heaven [to bring down on your 
land] showers of blessing, dew, rain, [early rain] and late rain in His/its 
time, and to give [you the fruit of the produce of corn, wine and o]il 
plentiful. And may the land [prod]uce for [you fruits of delight. And you 
shall eat and grow fa]t. And there shall be no miscarriage [in yo]ur 
[la]n[d] and no [sickness, blight or mildew] shall be seen in [its] 
produ[ce. And there shall be no loss of children n]or stumbling in [your] 
congrega[tion, and wild beasts shall withdraw] from your land and there 
shall be no pestil[ence in your land.] For God is wi[th you and His holy 
angels stand in your congregation, and His] holy [name] shall be 
invoked upon you ... in your midst... 



11Q14 



And he shall bless them in the name [of the God] of Israel. Answering 
he shall say, ... to the sons of Israel: May [yo]u be blessed for ever and 
ever and may His ... be blessed ... and may His lioly angels be 
blessed. May the Most High God bless you. May He shine His face 
towards you and open to you His good treasure which is in heaven to 
bring down on your land slxjwers of blessing, dew, rain, early rain and 
late rain in His/its time to give you the fruit of the produce of corn, wine 
and oil plentiful. May tlie land produce for you fruits of delight. And you 
shall eat and grow ^t. And tliere shall be rK> miscarriage in your land 
and no sickness, blight or mildew shall be seen in its produce. There 
shall be no loss of children, nor stumbling in your congregation and the 



wild beasts shall withdraw from [your land.] The sword shall not pass 
through your land. For God is with you and His holy angels shall be 
present In your congregation, and His holy name shall be invoked upon 
you. 



The Temple Scroll 
(1 1 QT=1 1 Q1 9-21 , 4Q365a, 4Q524) 



Discovered in 1956 in Cave II, the Temple Scroll did not emerge from 
semi-clandestinity until the Six Day War in June 1967. It is the longest 
Qumran manuscript, measuring over twenty-eight feet. There are also 
other fragments pertaining to tfie same document from Cave 11 
(11Q20) and from Cave 4 (4Q365a). Originaiiy it consisted of sixty- 
seven columns. 

The major part of the scroll deals with the Temple (building and 
furniture) and cultic worship, especially sacrifices on Sabbaths and the 
many feasts of the year. Most of the legislation depends, directly or 
indirectly, on Exodus, Leviticus, and more particularly on Deuteronomy, 
but there are also occasional non-bibiicai regulations. The beginning of 
the manuscript is badly mutilated. Column I is missing. Columns lll-XII 
are so fragmented that only a very hypothetical reconstruction, 
exclusively from biblical texts, is possible (cf. most extensively E. 
Qimron, The Temple Scroll, 1996). I have decided not to translate 
them but indicate their probable contents in the summary that follows: 

1 . Covenant between God and Israel (II). 

2. Building of the Temple, measurements of the Sanctuary, the 
Holy of Holies, the chambers and colonnades (iii-Vii). 

3. Description of the mercy seat, the ctierubim, the veil, the table, 
the golden lamp-stand, etc. (Vii-Xi). 

4. Outline of the sacrificesand the altar (XI-XII). 

5. Daily, weekly and monthly sacrifices and those offered on 
festivals (Xiii-XXiX). 

6. Buildings in the Temple courtyards: the stairhouse, the house of 



the laver, the house for sacred vessels, the slaughterhouse, etc. 
(xxx-xxxv). 

7. The three courtyards of the Temple, one for the priests, one for 
Jewish men over twenty years of age, and one for women and 
children (XXXVI-XLV). 

8. Purity regulations concerning the Temple and the city of the 
Sanctuary (XLVI-XLVIII). 

9. Purity regulations concerning the cities of Israel (XLVIII-LI). 

10. Judges and officers (LI). 

1 1 . Laws relating to idolatry and to sacrificial animals (LI-LIII). 

12. Vows and oaths (LIII-LIV). 

13. Laws against apostasy (LIV-LV). 

14. Laws relating to priests and Levites and detailed statutes of 
the Jewish king (LVI-LIX). 

15. IVIiscellaneous laws regarding priestly dues, idols, witnesses, 
the conduct of war, the rebellious son, crimes punishable by 
'hanging', and incestuous relations (LX-LXVI). 

The sequence of subjects generally follows the Bible, but an obvious 
effort has been made to systematize, harmonize and reinterpret the 
laws. Sections complementary to Scripture include the Temple 
legislation (lll-XII, XXX-XLV), festivals (XVII-XXIX), purity material as 
rules relating to the Temple and the city (XLVI-XLVII), and the statutes 
of the king (LVI — LIX). The aim of the redactor is to present the 
message of the scroll not as an Interpretation of the Bible, but as an 
immediate divine revelation. For this purpose, not only does he 
formulate the supplementary legislation as directly spoken by God, but 
also frequently substitutes 'I' for 'the Lord = YHWH' of Scripture. 

Although the view has been advanced that the Temple Scroll is not a 
Qumran composition, the contrary thesis has a solid foundation. The 
relationship between this writing and the Damascus Document is 
particularly striking in the case of the prohibition of royal polygamy of 
marriage between uncle and niece, and of marital relations within the 
cityofthe Sanctuary (compare CD IV, 20-V, II; XII, 1-2 with TS LVII, 16- 
18; LXVI, 15-17; XLV, 11-12), to name the most significant instances. 
Note also that the death penalty of 'hanging' (probably crucifixion) 
reserved for traitors appears both in TS LXIV, 6-13 and in the Nahum 



Commentary (cf. p. 504). Since the Damascus Document and the 
Nahum Commentary are more likely to depend on the Temple Scroll 
than vice versa, the latter may safely be dated to the second century 
BCE. But It may also have an antecedent history reaching back to the 
pre-Qumran age. 

As noted, Cave 4 has also yielded five ^Irly mutilated fragments 
(4Q365a), palaeographically dated to the mid-first century BCE, some 
of which have been used by Yadln. Fragment 1 deals with the festival 
of Unleavened Bread (11QTS XVII, II); fragment 2 corresponds to 
1 1 QTS XXXVIII, 4-1 5 while the other three fragments cannot be placed 
within the known version of the text. 

The composition Is available in a magisterial edition by Mgael 
Yadln, who first published it in Hebrew in 1977 and subsequently, 
shortly before his death, in English under the titie The Temple Scroll I- 
III (Jerusalem, 1983). IVIy translation is often indebted to Yadin's 
editorial work. Further improvements are due to E. Qimron, The 
Temple Scroll: A Critical Edition with Extensive Reconstructions 
(Beer-Sheva/Jerusalem, 1996). For 11Q20-21, see F Garcia Martinez 
etal., DJD, XXIII, 357-414. For4Q365a, see S. White, DJD, XIII, 319- 
33. For4Q524, see E. Puech, DJD, XXV, 79-1 14. 

II [Behold, I will make a covenant.] 

[For it is something dreadful that I] will do [to you.] [I myself will expel 
from before you] the A[morites, the Ganaanites, the Hittites, the 
Girgashifles, the Pe[rizzites, the Hivites and] the Jebusites. Ta[ke care 
not to make a cove]nant with the inhabitants of the country [which you 
are to] enter so that they may not prove a sn[are for you.] You must 
destroy their [altajrs, [smash Uieir] pillars [and] cut down their [sacred 
trees and burn] [their] idols [with fire]. You must not desire silver and 
gold so [that you may not be ensnared by them; for that would be 
abominable to me]. You must [not] br[ing any abominable idol] into your 
house [and come] under ttie ban togeUier with it. You shall de[test and 
abominate it], for it is urKler the ban. You shall not worship [another] 
go[d, for YHWH, whose name is] [Jealous], is a jealous God. Take 
care not to make a [covenant with the inhabitants of the country] [so 
that, when they whore] after [their gojds [and] sacrifice to [them and 



invite you,] [you may not eat of their sacrifices and] t[al<e their 
daughters for your sons, and their daughters may not whore after] their 
[gods] and cau[se your sons to whore after them.] ... 51 

XIII [This is what you shall offer on the altar:] t[wo y]ear[ling lambs] 
without blemish [every day as a perpetual holocaust. You shall offer the 
first in the morning; and you shall offer the other lamb in the evening; 
the corresponding grain-offering will be a te]nth of fine flour mixed with 
[a quarter of a hin of beaten oil; it shall be a perpetual holocaust of 
soothing odour, an offering by fire] to YHWH; and the corresponding 
drink-offering shall be a quart[er of a hin of] wine. [The priest who 
offers the holocaust shall receive the skin of] the burnt-[offering which 
he has offered. You shall offer the other lamb in the evenjing with the 
same grain-[offering as in the] morning and with the corresponding 
drink-offering as an offering by fire, a soothing odour to YHWH ... 

On the S[abbath] days you shall offer two [yearling rams without 
blemish and two] XIV [tenths of an ephah of fine flour, mixed with oil, 
for a grain-offering and the corresponding drink-offering. This is the 
holocaust of every Sabbath in addition to the perpetual holocaust and 
the corresponding drink-offering. On the first day of each month you 
shall offer a holocaust to YHWH: two young bulls, one ram, seven 
yearling rams without blemish and a grain-offe]ring of fine flour, [three 
tenths of an ephah] mix[ed with half a hin of oil, and a drink-offering, 
ha]lf a hin for [each young bull and a grain-offering of fine flour mixed 
with oil, two tenths of an ephah] with a third [of a hin, and wine for a 
drink-offering, one third of a /?/nfor each ram;] ... one tenth [of fine flour 
for] a grain-[offering, mixed with a quarter of a hin, and wine, a quarter 
of a hi]n for each lamb ... a soothing [odour] to YHWH on the first day 
of each month. This is the burnt-offering for each month for the months 
of the year ... On the first day of the [first] month [the months (of the 
year) shall start; it shall be the first month] of the year [for you. You shall 
do no] work. [You shall offer a he-goat for a sin-offering.] It shall be 
offered by itself to expiate [for you. You shall offer a holocaust: a 
bullock], a ram, [seven yearli]ng ram lambs [without blemish] ... 
[ad]di[tional to the bu]r[nt-offering for the new moon, and a grain- 
offering of three tenths of fine flour mixed with oil], half a hin [for each 
bullock, and wi]ne for a drink-offering, [half a hin, a soothing odour to 



YHWH, and two] tenths of fine flour mixed [with oil, one third of a hin. 
You stiall offer wine for a drinl<-offering,] one th[ird] of a hin for the ram, 
[an offering by fire, of soothing odour to YHWH; arxl one tenth of fine 
flour], a grain-offerin[g mixed with a quarter of a hinol oil. You shall 
offer wine for a drink-offering, a quarter of a hin] for each [ram] ... 
lambs and for the he-g[oat] ... XV [eajch day ... seven [year]ling [lambs] 
and a he-[goat] ... according to this statute. For the ordination (of the 
priests), one ram for each [day and] baskets of bread for all the ra[ms 
of the ordination, one basket for] each [ram]. They shall divide all the 
rams and the baskets for the seve[n days of the ordination for each] 
day; according to [their] dlvlslon[s, they shall offer to YHWH the right 
thigh] of the ram as a holocaust and [the fat covering the entrails and 
the] two kidneys and the fat on them [and on] the loins and the whole fat 
tail close to the backbone and the appendage of the liver and the 
corresponding grain-offering and drink-offering according to the 
sta[tute. They shall take one unleavened cake from the] basket and 
one cake of bread with oil and [one] wafer, [and they shall put It all on 
the fat] together with the offering of the right thigh. Those who sacrifice 
shall wave the rams and the baskets of bread as a wa[ve-offering 
be]fore YHWH. This is a holocaust, an offering by fire, of soothing 
odour before YHWH. [They shall burn everything on the altar over] the 
holocaust, to complete their ordination during the seven days of 
[ordination]. 

If the High Priest is to [minister to YHWH, whoever] has been 
ordained to put on the vestments in place of his father, shall offer [a bull 
fo]r all the people and another for the priests. He shall offer the one for 
the priests first. The elders of the priest[s] shall lay [their hands] XVI 
[on] its [hea]d and after them the High Priest and all the [priests. They 
shall slaughter] the bull [before YHWH]. The elders of the priests shall 
take from the blood of the bull and [place] it [with their finger on the 
horns of the altar] and they shall pour [the blood] around the four 
corners of the [altar] ledge ... [and they shall take from Its blood and 
pl]ace it [on his right ear lobe and on the thumb of his right hand and 
the big toe of his] right [foot. They shall sprinkle on him and his 
vestments some of the blood which was on the altar]... [he] shall be 
[holy] all his days. [He shall not go near any dead body]. He shall [not] 



render himself unclean [even for his father or mother,] for [he is] hol[y to 
YHWH, his God] ... [He shall offer on the al]tar and bum [the fat of the 
first bulO ... [all] the fat on the entrails and [the appendage of the liver 
and the two kidne]ys and the fat on the[m] and [the fat on] the loins, and 
the corresponding grain-offering and drinl<-[offering according to their 
statute,] he shall bur[n them on the aitar.] It shall be [a burnt-joffering, an 
offering by fire, of soothing odour be[fore YHWH. The flesh of tfie buii], 
its skin and offal, they shaii burn outeide the [sanctuary city on a wood 
fire] in a place reserved for sin-offerings. Tfiere they shall bur[n it with 
its head and legs] together with aii its errtrails. They shall bum all of it 
there except the fat. it is a sin-[offering]. He shaii take the second buii, 
which is for the people, and by it he shaii expiate [for all the people of] 
the assembly, by its blood and fat. As he did with the fir[st] bull, [so he 
shaii do] with the buii of the assembly. He shall place with his finger 
some of its biood on the horns of the [altar, and the remainder of| its 
blood, he shaii sprinkle o[n the f]our corners of the aitar ledge, and [its 
fat and] the corresponding [grain-] offering and drink-offering, he shaii 
burn on the aitar. it is a sin-offering for the assembly XVII ... They shaii 
rejoice because expiation has been made for them ... This day [shaii] 
be a holy gathering for them, [an eternal rule for aii their generations] 
wherever they dwell. They shaii rejoice and ... 

[Let] them [prepare on the fourteejnth day of the first month [between 
dusk and dark the Passover of YHWH]. They shaii sacrifice (it) before 
the evening offering and shaii sacrifice ... men from twenty years of age 
and over shall prepare It. They shaii eat it at night in tfie tioly courts. 
They shaii rise early and each shaii go to his tent ... 

On the fifteenth day of this month (there shaii be) a ho[ly] gathering. 
You shaii do no work of labour on it. (it shaii be) a seven-day feast of 
unleavened bread for YHWH. You shall offer on each of the[se] seven 
days a holocaust to YHWH: two young bulls, a ram, and seven ram 
iambs without blemish and a he-goat for a sin-offering and the 
corresponding grain-offering and drink-offering [according to the 
stajtute for the young bulls, rams, i[am]bs and the he-goat. On the 
seventh day [(there shaii be) an assembly] for [YHWH]. You shaii do no 
work on it. XVIII ... [he-] goat for a sin-offering ... [the corresponding 
grain-offering and drink-] offering according to the statute; one tenth of 



fine flour [mixed with a quarter of a hin of oil and] a quarter of a hin of 
wine for a drini<-offering ... [he shaii expiate] for aii the guiit of the 
peopie of the assembly ... This shall be an eternal [m]le for you [for your 
generations wherever you dwell.) Then they shall offer ttie one ram, 
on[ce], on the day of the waving of the sheaf. 

You shall count seven complete Sabbaths from the day of your 
bringing the sheaf of [the wave-offering. You shall c]ount until the 
morrow of the seventh Sabbath. You shall count [fifty] days. You shall 
bring a new grain-offering to YHWH from your homes, [a loaf of fine 
fi]ou[r], freshly baked with leaven. They are firstfruits to YHWH, wheat 
bread, twe[lve cakes, two] tenths of fine fiour in each cake ... the tribes 
of Israel. They shall offer XIX ... their [grain-offerin]g and dr[ink-offering] 
according to the statute. The [priests] shall wave ... [wave-offering with 
the bread of] the firstfruits. They shall b[elong to] the priests and they 
shall eat them In the [Inner] court[yard], [as a ne]w [grain-offering], the 
bread of the firstfruits. Then ... new bread from freshly ripened ears. 
[On this] da[y] there shall be [a holy gathering, an eter]nal [rule] for their 
generations. [They] shall [do] no work. It is the feast of Weeks and the 
feast of Firstfruits, an eterna[l] memorial. 

You [shall count] seven weeks from the day when you bring the new 
grain-offering to YHW [H], the bread of firstfruits. Seven full Sabbaths 
[shall elapse un]til you have counted fifty days to the morrow of the 
seventh Sabbath. [You] shall [bring] new wine for a drink-offering, four 
bins from all the tribes of Israel, one third of a hin for each tribe. 

They shall offer on this day with the wine twelve rams to YHWH; all 
the chiefs of the clans of Israel XX ... [r]ams and the corresponding 
grain-offering according to the statute; two [tenths of fine flour mixed 
with oil, one third of a h]\n of oil for a ram; with this drink-offering ... 
seven yearling ram lambs and a he-[goat] ... assembly ... their [grain- 
offering and drink-offering] (shall be) according to the statute 
concerning young bulls and the ram ... to YHWH. At the quarter of the 
day, they shall offer ... [the r]ams and the drink-offering. They shall offer 
... fourteen yearling ram lambs ... the burnt-offering. They shall prepare 
them ... and they shall burn their fat on the altar, [the fat covering the 
entrails] and the fat that is on them, and [the appendage of the liver 
with] ttie kidneys he shall remove and the ^t on [them], and that which 



is on the loins and the fat tail close to the backbone. They shall b[um ail 
on the altar] together with the corresponding grain-offering and drink- 
offering, an offering by fire, of soothing odou[r before YHWH]. They 
shall offer every grairvoffering joined to a drink-offering according to 
[the statute]. They shall take a handful from [eve]ry grain-offering 
offered either with frankincense or dry, (this being) its [memorial 
portion], and burn it on the altar. They shall eat the remainder in the 
[in]n[er] courtyard. The priests shall e[a]t it unleavened. It shall not be 
eaten with leaven. It shall be ea[ten] on that day [before] sun[se]t. They 
shall salt all their offerings. You shall never allow the covenarrt of salt to 
fail. 

They shall offer to YHWH an offering from the rams and the lambs, 
the right thigh, the breast, [the cheeks, the stomac]h and the foreleg as 
far as the shoulder bone, and they shall wave them as a wave-offering. 
XXI [The priests'] portions [shall] be the thigh of the offering and the 
breast ... [the foreieg]s, the cheeks and the stomachs ... [as an eternal 
rule, from the children of isra]ei and the shoulder remaining of the 
foreleg [shall be for the Levites] ... an eternal rule for them and for their 
seed .. the princes of the Thousands ... [from] the rams and from [the 
iambs, one ram and one ram lamb (shall belong) to the priests; to the 
Levites], one [ra]m, one iamb; and to every [tribe, on]e [ram], one iamb 
for ail the tri[bes], the [twe]ive tribes of Israel. They shall eat them [on 
that day, in the out]er [courtyard] before YHWH. 

... [the priest]s shall drink there first and the Levites [second] ... the 
princes of the standards first ... [men of] renown. After them the whole 
people, from the great to the small, shall begin to drink the new wine. 
They [shall not e]a[t] any un[ri]pe grapes from the vines, for [on] this 
[da]y they shall expiate for the tirosh. The children of Israel shall rejoice 
before YHWH, an eternal [rule] for their generations wherever they 
dwell. They shall rejoice on [this] d[ay for they have begun] to pour out 
an intoxicating drink-offering, tfie new wine, on the altar of YHWH, year 
by year. 

[You shajli count from that day seven weeks, seven times (seven 
days), forty-nine days; there shall be seven full Sabbaths; until the 
morrow of the seventh Sabbath you shall count fifty days. You shall then 
offer new oil from the homes of [the trjibes of the children of Isjrael, half 



a hin from a tribe, new beaten oil ... oil on the altar of the holocaust, 
firstfruits before YHWH. XXII ... [shall expi]ate with it for all the 

congregation before [YHWH] ... with this oil, half a hin ... [according to 
the st]atute, a holocaust, an offering by fire, of soothing [odour to 
YHWH] ... [With] this oil they shall light the lamps ... the princes of the 
Thousands with ... fourteen [yearling] m[ale lamb]s and the 
corresponding grain-offering and drink-offering ... [for the lambs and] 
the rams. The Levites shall slaughter ... [and] the priests, the sons of 
Aaron, [shall spri]nkle their blood [on the altar all around] ... [and] they 
shall burn their fat on the altar of the [holocaust] ... [and the 
corresponding grain-offering] and drink-offering, they shall burn over 
the fats ... [an offering by fire, of soothing odour to] YHWH. They shall 
take away fr[om] ... the right thigh and the breast ... the cheeks and the 
stomach shall be the priests' portion according to the statute 
concerning them. (They shall give) to the Levites the shoulder 
Afterwards they shall bring them (the offerings) out to the children of 
Israel, and the children of Israel shall give the prie[st]s one ram, one 
lamb, and to the Levites, one ram, one lamb, and to each tribe, one 
ram, one lamb. They shall eat them on that day in the outer courtyard 
before YHWH, an eternal rule for their generations, year by year 
Afterwards they shall eat from the olives and anoint themselves with 
the new oil, for on this day they shall expiate for [al]l [the o]ll of the land 
before YHWH once yearly. They shall rejoice XXIII ... 

The High Priest shall offer the [holocaust of the Levites] first, and 
afterwards he shall send up in smoke the holocaust of the tribe of 
Judah, and w[hen he] is sending it up in smoke, they shall slaughter 
before him the he-goat first and he shall lift up its blood in a bowl to the 
altar and with his finger he shall pu[t some] of the blood to the four 
horns of the alta[r] of the holocaust and to the four corners of the altar 
ledge, and shall toss the blood towards the bas[e] of the altar ledge all 
around. He shall burn Its fat on the altar, the fat covering the entrails 
and that over the entrails. The appendage of the liver with the kidneys 
he shall remove as well as the fat over them and on the loins. He shall 
send up In smoke all of them on the altar together with the 
corresponding grain-offering and drink-offering, an offering by fire of 
soothing odour to YHWH. And XXIV ... ttie flesh, of [soothing] odour; it 



shall be [an offering by fire to YHWH. Thus they must do to every] 
young bull, and to every ram and to [every lamb] and Its limbs (?) shall 
remain apart. The corresponding [grain-offering] and drink-offering 
shall be on It, an [eternal] rule for your generations before YHWH. 

After this holocaust he shall offer the holocaust of the tribe of Judah 
separately As he tias done with the txjlocaust of ttie Levltes, so shall 
he do with the holocaust of the children of Judah after the Levites. On 
the second day he shall first offer the holocaust of Benjamin and after It 
he shall offer ttie holocaust of the children of Joseph, Ephraim and 
IVIanasseh together. On ttie third day he shall offer the holocaust of 
Reuben separately and the holocaust of Simeon separately On the 
fourth day he shall offer the holocaust of Issachar separately and the 
holocaust of Zebulun separately. On the fifth day he stiall offer the 
holocaust of Gad separately and the holocaust of Asfier separately On 
the sixth day XXV [he shall offer the holocaust of Dan separately and 
the holocaust of Naphtall separately] ... 

In the [seventh] m[onth, on the first day of the month, you shall have] a 
sacred rest, a remembrance announced by a trumpet blast, a [holy] 
ga[therlng. You shall offer a holocaust, an offering by fire, of soothing 
odour be]fore YHWH. You shall o[ffer on]e [young bull,] one ram, 
seve[n] ye[ar]llng [lamb]s [without blemish and one he-goat for a sln- 
offerlng, and] the corresponding grain-offering and drink-offering 
according to the statute concerning the[m, of soothing odour to YHWH, 
In addition to] the perpetual [holocaus]t [and the holo]caust of the new 
moon. Afterwards [you shall offer] this [holocaust] at the third part of the 
day an eternal rule for your generatlon[s wherever you dwell.] You shall 
rejoice on this day. On it you shall do no work. A sacred rest shall this 
day be for you. 

The tenth of this month is the Day of Atonement. You shall mortify 
yourselves. For any person who does not mortify himself on this 
selfsame day shall be cut off from his people. You shall offer on It a 
holocaust to YHWH: one young bull, one ram, seven ram lambs, one 
he-goat for a sin-offering. In addition to the sin-offering of the 
atonement and the corresponding grain-offering and drink-offering 
according to the statute concerning the young bull, the ram, the lambs 
and the he-goat. For the sIn-offerIng of the atonement you shall offer 



two rams for holocaust. The High Priest shall offer one for himself and 
his father's house XXVI ... [The High Prie]st [shall cast lots on the two 
goats,] o[ne] lot for YHWH and one for Azazel. He shall slaughter the 
goat [on] which [YHWH's lot has fellen and shall lift up] its blood in a 
golden bowl which is in [his ha]nd, [and do] with its blo[od as he has 
done with the blood of] his young bull and shall expiate with it for all the 
people of the assembly. He shall send up in smoke its fat and the 
corresponding grain-and drinl<-offering on the altar of the holocaust. Its 
flesh, skin and dung they shall burn beside his young bull. It is a sin- 
offering for the wtK>le assembly. He shall expiate with it for all the 
people of the assembly and it shall be forgiven to them. He shall wash 
his hands and feet of the blood of the sin-offering and shall come to the 
living goat and shall confess over its head the iniquities of the children 
of Israel together with all their guilt, all their sins. He shall put them on 
the head of the goat and despatch it to Azazel in the desert by the 
hand of the man who is waiting ready. The goat shall bear all the 
iniquities of (the children of Israel). XXVII ... [and he shall expiate] for ail 
the children of Israel and It shall be forgiven to them ... Afterwards he 
shall offer the young bull, the r[a]m, and [the lambs, according to] the 
[sta]tute relating to them, on the altar of the holocaust, and the 
[ho]locaust will be accepted for the children of Israel, an eternal rule for 
their generations. Once a year this day shall be for them a memorial. 
They shall do no work on it, for it shall be [to] them a Sabbath of sacred 
rest. Whoever shall do work on It or shall not mortify himself on it, shall 
be cut off from the midst of his people. A Sabbath of sacred rest, a 
holy gathering shall this day be for you. You shall sanctify it as a 
memorial wherever you dwell and you shall do no work. 

On the fifteenth day of this month XXVIII ... [the corresponding] grain- 
offering [and drink-offering, all on] the altar, an offering by fire, of 
s[oothing odour to YHWH. On] the second [day:] twelve young bulls, 
[two rams, four]teen [lambs] and one he-goat [for a sin-offerin]g [and 
the corresponding gr]ai[n-offering and drink-offering] according to the 
statute concerning the young bulls, the ram[s], the lambs [and] the he- 
goat; it is an offering by fire, of soothing odour to YHWH. 

On the third day eleven young bulls, two rams, fourteen lambs and 
one he-goat for a sin-offering and the corresponding grain-offering and 



drink-offering according to the statute corx^eming the young bulls, the 
rams, the lambs and the he-goat. 

On the fo[ur]th day ten young bulls, two rams, fourteen yearling ram 
lambs and one he-goat for a sin-offering and the corresponding grain- 
offering and drinl<-offering for the young bulls, XXIX [the rams, the 
lambs and the he-goat ... On the fifth day ... and the corresponding 
grain-offering] arxJ drink-offer[ing] ... in the house on which I [shall 
cause] my name to rest ... holocausts, [each on its] day according to 
the law of this statute, always from the children of Israel in addition to 
their freewillofferings in regard to all that they offer, their drink-offerings 
and all their gifts that they shall bring to me in order to be acceptable. I 
shall accept them and they shall be my people and I shall be for them 
for ever. I will dwell with them for ever and ever and will sanctify my 
[sa]nctuary by my glory. I will cause my glory to rest on it until the day of 
creation on which I shall create my sanctuary, establishing it for myself 
for all time according to the covenant which I have made with Jacob in 
Bethel. 

XXX ... You shall make ... for stairs, a stair[case] ... in the house 
which you shall build ... You [shall make] a staircase north of the 
Temple, a square house, twenty cubits from one corner to the other 
alongside its four corners. Its distance from the wall of the Temple shall 
be seven cubits on the north-west. You shall make the width of its wall 
four cubits ... like the Temple and its inside from corner to corner 
twelv[e cubits.] (There shall be) a square column in its middle, in the 
centre; its width four cubits on each side around which the stairs wind 
... XXXI In the upper chamber of [this] ho[use you shall make a ga]te 
opening to the roof of the Temple and a way (shall be) made through 
this gate towards the entrance ... of the Temple by which one can 
reach the upper chamber of the Temple. Overlay with gold [a]ll this 
stairhouse, its walls, its gates and its roof, from inside [and from] 
outside, its column and its stairs. [You] shall do everything as I tell you. 
You shall make a square house for the laver in the south-east, on all its 
sides, (each) twenty-one cubits; fifty cubits distant from the altar. The 
width of the wall shall be four cubits, and the height [t]wenty cubits ... 
Make gates for it on the east, on the north and on the west. The width 
of the gates shall be four cubits and the height seven XXXII ... You shall 



make in the wall of this house, on the inside, recesses, and in them ... 
one cubit (In) width and their height four cubits above the ground. They 
shall be overlaid with gold on which they shall place their clothes which 
they have worn on arrival. Above the house of the ... when they come to 
minister In the sanctuary. You shall make a trench around the laver 
beside its house and the trench shall go [from the house of] the laver to 
a cavity. It shall descend [rapld]ly to the ground where the water shall 
flow and disappear. It shall not be touched by any man for it Is mingled 
with the blood of the holocaust. XXXIII They shall sanctify my people In 
the sacred vestments which ... 

You shall make a house east of the house of the [l]av[er] according 
to the measurement of [the house of the bas]ln. Its wall shall be at a 
distance of seven cubits from the wall of the house of the laver. Its 
whole building and rafters shall be like (those of) the house of the laver. 
It shall have two gates on the north and the south, one opposite the 
other, according to the measurement of the gates of the house of the 
laver. Inside all the waiis of this house shall have apertures, their width 
(and depth) two cubits each and their height four (?) with which the 
entrails and the feet are raised to the aitar. When they have completed 
the sending up In smoke XXXIV ... They close the wheels and ... and 
tie the horns of the young buiis to the rings and ... by the rings. 
Afterwards they shaii slaughter them and collect [the blood] In bowls 
and toss It around the altar base. They shall open the wheels and strip 
the skin of the young buiis from their flesh and cut them up Into pieces, 
salt the pieces, wash the entrails and the legs, salt them and send 
them up In smoke on the fire which Is on the altar, each young bull with 
Its pieces beside It and the corresponding grain-offering of fine flour 
on It, the wine of the drink-offering beside It and some of it on It. The 
priests, the sons of Aaron, shall send everything up In smoke on the 
altar, an offering by fire, of soothing odour before YHWH. You shall 
make chains hanging from the rafters of the twelve columns XXXV ... 
whoever Is not a priest shall die, and whoever ... [a prle]st who shall 
come ... and he is not clothed In the [holy] vest[ments in which] he was 
ordained, they too shall be put to death and shall not pro[fane the 
san]ctuary of their God, thus Incurring the Iniquity of mortal guilt. You 
shall sanctify tfie environs of the altar, the Temple, the laver and the 



colonnade and they shall be most holy for ever and ever. 

You shall make a place west of the Temple, a colonnade of pillars 
standing around for the sin-offerlngs and the guilt-offierings, divided 
from one another, the sin-offerings of the priests, the he-goats, and the 
sin-offerlngs of the people and their gullt-offerlngs. None of these shall 
be mingled one with another, for their places shall be divided from one 
another In order that the priests may not err concerning all the sin- 
offerlngs of the people, and all the rams (?) of the gullt-offerlngs, (thus) 
Incurring the sin of guilt. 

The birds for ttie altar: tie shall prepare turtledoves XXXVI ... from 
the corner of ... [to the corne]r of the gat[e, one hundred and twenty 
cubits.] The gate (shall be) forty [cubits] wide. Each side shall be 
[according to this measurement. The wid]th of [its wa]ll shall be seven 
cubits, [and] its [height forty]-five [cubits to the raft]ers of [its] roof. The 
width of its ch[ambers] (shall be) twenty-six cubits from corner to 
corner. The gates of entrance and exit: the gate shall be fourteen 
cubits wide and [tw]enty-eight cubits high from the threshold to the 
lintel. The height of the rafters above the lintel shall be fourteen cubits. 
(The gate shall be) roofed with a panelling of cedar wood overlaid with 
pure gold. Its doors shall be overlaid with fine gold. 

From the corner of the gate to the second angle of the courtyard, 
(there shall be) one hundred and twenty cubits. Thus shall be the 
measurement of all these gates of the inner courtyard. The gates shall 
lead inside into the courtyard. XXXVII You shall make [in]side the 
court[yard] seats for the priests, and tables in front of the seats, in the 
inner colonnade by the outer wall of the courtyard, places made for the 
priests and their sacrifices, for the firstfruits and the tithes, for their 
peace-offering sacrifices which they shall sacrifice. The sacrifices of 
the peace-offerings of the children of Israel stiall not be mingled with 
the sacrifices of the priests. 

In the four corners of the courtyard you shall make for them a place 
for cooking-stoves where they shall seethe their sacrifices [and] sin- 
offerings. XXXVIII ... There tfiey shall eat ... the bird, tfie turtle-dove and 
the young pigeons ... 

You shall make a second [co]urtyard aro[u]nd [the in]ner [courtyard], 
one hundred cubits wide, and four hundred and eighty cubits long on 



the east side, atxJ thus shall be the width and length of all its sides: to 
the south, to the west and to the north. Its wall shall be [fo]ur cubits wide 
and twenty-eight cubits high. Chambers shall be made in the wall 
outside and between each chamber there shall be three-[and-a-half 
cubits] XXXIX ... that all the congregation of the children of Israel may 
bow down before me ... No woman shall come there, nor a child until 
the day that he has fulfilled the mle ... [and has paid for] himself [a 
ransom] to YHWH, half a shekel, an eternal mle, a memorial wherever 
they dwell. The shekel (consists of) twenty gerahs. 

When they shall collect from him the half-shekel... to me. Afterwards 
they shall enter from the age of twenty ... The na[mes of the g]ates of 
this [co]urtyard sha[ll b]e according to the nam[es of| the children of 
ls[ra]el: Simeon, Levi and Judah in the east; Reuben, Joseph and 
Benjamin in the south; Issachar, Zebulun and Gad in the west; Dan, 
Naphtali and Asher in the north. Between each gate the measurement 
(shall be); from the north-eastern corner to the gate of Simeon, ninety- 
nine cubits, and the gate twenty-eight cubits. From this gate of Simeon 
to the gate of Levi, ninety-nine cubits, and the gate, twenty-eight cubits. 
From the gate of Levi to the gate of Judah XL ... You shall make a third 
courtyard ... to their daughters and to the strangers who [were] born ... 
[wi]de around the middle courtyard ... in length about one thousand six 
[hundred] cubits from one corner to the next. Each side shall be 
according to this measurement: on the east, the south, the west and 
the no[rt]h. The wall shall be seven cubits wide and forty-nine cubits 
high. Chambers shall be made between its gates along the foundation 
as far up as its 'crowns' (= crenellations; Yadin). There shall be three 
gates in the east, three in the south, three in the west and three in the 
north. The gates shall be fifty cubits wide and their height seventy 
cubits. Between one gate and another there shaii be three hundred 
and sixty cubits. From the corner to the gate of Simeon, three hundred 
and sixty cubits. From the gate of Simeon to the gate of Levi, likewise. 
From the gate of Levi to the gate of Judah, iikewise three [hundred 
and] sixty (cubits). XLI ... From the gate of Issachar [to the gate of 
Zebulun, three] hundred [and sixty] cubits. From the gate of Zebulun to 
the gate of Gad, three hundred and sixty cubits. From the ga[te of] Gad 
to the northern comer, three hundred and sixty cubits. From this corner 



to the gate of Dan: three hundred and sixty cubits. Thus from the gate 
of Dan to the gate of Naphtali, three hundred and sixty cubits. From the 
gate of Naphtali to the gate of Asher, three hundred and sixty cubits. 
From the gate of Asher to the eastern comer, three hundred and sixty 
cubits. The gates shall jut outwards from the wall of the courtyard seven 
cubits, and extend inwards from the wall to the courtyard thirty-six 
cubits. The entrance of the gate shall be fourteen cubits wide and 
twenty-eight cubits high up to the iintei. The rafters at the doorways (?) 
shaii be of cedar wood and overlaid with gold. The doors shall be 
overlaid with pure gold. Between each gate inwards you shaii mal<e 
storehouses, XLII [rooms and colonnades.] 

The room shall be ten cubits wide, twenty cubits long, and fourteen] 
cubits high ... with cedar wood. The waii shaii be two cubits wide. On 
the outside there shaii be storehouses. [The storehouse shaii be ten 
cubits wide and] twenty cubits [long]. The wall shaii be two cubits wide 
[and fourteen cubits high] up to the iintei. its entrance shaii be three 
cubits wide. [You shaii mal<e in this way] aii the storehouses and the 
[corresponding] rooms. The colon[nade] ... shaii be ten cubits [wi]de. 
Between each gate [you shaii mal<e eightjeen storehouses arxl the 
corresponding eight[een] rooms ... 

You shaii mal<e a staircase next to the walls of the gates towards the 
colonnade. Winding stairs shaii go up to the second and third 
colonnades and to the roof You shall build storehouses and 
corresponding rooms and colonnades as on the ground floor The 
second and the third (levels) shaii follow the measurement of the lower 
one. On the roof of the third you shall make pillars roofed with rafters 
from one pillar to the next (providing) a place for tabernacles. The 
(pillars) shall be eight cubits high and the tabernacles shall be made 
on their (roof) each year at the feast of the Tabernacles for the eiders 
of the congregation, for the princes, the heads of the fathers' houses of 
the children of Israel, the captains of the thousands, the captains of the 
hundreds, who will ascend and dwell there until the sacrificing of the 
holocaust on the festival which Is the feast of the Tabernacles, each 
year Between each gate there shaii be XLIII ... on the days of the 
firstfruits of the corn, of the w[ine (tirosh) and the oil, and at the festival 
of the offering of] wood. On these days (tfie tithe) shall be eaten. They 



shall not put aside anything from it from one year to another. For they 
shall eat it in this manner. From ttie feast of ttie Firstfruits of the com of 
wheat they stiall eat the com until the next year, until the feast of the 
Firstfruits, and (they shall drinl<) the wine from the day of ttie festival of 
Wine until the next year, until the day of the festival of the Wine, and 
(they shall eat) the oil from its festival, until the next year, until the 
festival, the day of offering the new oil on tfie altar. Whatever is left (to 
last beyond) their festivals shall be sanctified by being burnt with fire. It 
shall rK> longer be eaten for it is holy. Those wtK> live within a distance 
of three days' walk from the sanctuary shall bring wtiatever they can 
bring. If they cannot carry It, they shall sell it for money and buy with It 
corn, wine, oil, cattle and sheep, and sliall eat them on the days of the 
festivals. On working days they shall not eat from this In their weariness 
for It Is holy. On the holy days it stiall be eaten, but it shall not be eaten 
on working days. XLIV ... 

You shall allot [the rooms and the corresponding chambers. From 
the gate of Slmeo]n to the gate of Judah shall be for the priests ... All 
that is to the right and to the left of the gate of Levi, you shall allo[t] to 
Aaron, your brother, one hundred and eight rooms and corresponding 
chambers and two tabernacles which are on the roof. (You shall allot) 
to the sons of Judah (the area) from the gate of Judah to the corner: 
fifty-four rooms and corresponding chambers and the tabernacle that 
is over them. (You shall allot) to the sons of Simeon (the area) from the 
gate of Simeon to the second corner: their rooms, the corresponding 
chambers and tabernacles. (You shall allot) to the sons of Reuben (the 
area) from the corner which is beside the sons of Judah to the gate of 
Reuben: fifty-two rooms and the corresponding chambers and 
tabernacles. (The area) from the gate of Reuben to the gate of Joseph 
(you shall allot) to the sons of Joseph, to Ephraim and Manasseh. (The 
area) from the gate of Joseph to the gate of Benjamin (you shall allot) 
to the sons of Kohath from the Levites. (The area) from the gate of 
Benjamin to the western corner (you shall allot) to the sons of 
Benjamin. (The area) from this corner to the gate of Issachar (you shall 
allot) to the sons of Issachar. (The area) from the gate (of Issachar) 
XLV... the second (= incoming) [priestly course] shall enter on the left 
... and the first (= outgoing) shall leave on the right. They shall not 



mingle with one anotlier nor tlieir vesseis. [Eacli] priestiy course sliaii 
come to its place and they shall stay there. One shall arrive and the 
other leave on the eighth day They shall clean the rooms, one after the 
other, when the first (priestly course) leaves. There shall be no mingling 
there. 

No man who has had a nocturnal emission shall enter the sanctuary 
at all until three days have elapsed. He shall wash his garments and 
bathe on the first day and on the third day he shall wash his garments 
and bathe, and after sunset he shall enter the sanctuary. They shall not 
enter my sanctuary in their impure uncleanness and render it unclean. 
No man who has had sexual intercourse with his wife shall enter 
anywhere into the city of the sanctuary where I cause my name to 
abide, for three days. No blind man shall enter it in ail his days and 
shall not profane the city where i abide, for i, YHWH, abide amongst 
the children of Israel for ever and ever. 

Whoever is to purify himself of his flux shall count seven days for his 
purification. He shall wash his garments on the seventh day and bathe 
his whole body in running water. Afterwards he shall enter the city of 
the sanctuary. No one unclean through contact with a corpse shall enter 
there until he has purified himself. No leper nor any man smitten (in his 
body) shall enter there until he has purified himself and has offered ... 
XLVI ... [No] unclean bird shall fly over [my] sanctua[ry] ... the roofs of 
the gates ... the outer courtyard ... be in my sanctuary for ever and ever 
ail the time that i [abide] among them. 

You shall make a terrace round about, outside the outer courtyard, 
fourteen cubits wide like the entrances of all the gates. You shall make 
twelve steps (leading) to it by which the children of Israel shall ascend 
there to enter my sanctuary. 

You shall make a one-hundred-cubits-wide ditch around the 
sanctuary which shall divide the holy sanctuary from the city so that no 
one can rush into my sanctuary and defile it. They shall sanctify my 
sanctuary and hold it in awe because i abide among them. 

You shall make for them latrines outside the city where they shall go 
out, north-west of the city. These shall be roofed houses with holes in 
them into which the filth shall go down, it shall be far emugh rxst to be 
visible from the city, (at) three thousand cubits. 



You shall make three areas to the east of the city, divided from one 
another, where the lepers, those suffering from a flux and men who 
have had a (nocturnal) emission XLVII ... 

Their cities [shall be] pure ... for ever. The city which I will sanctify, 
causing my name and [my] sanctuar|y] to abide [In it], stiall be holy and 
pure of all Impurity with which they can become Impure. Whatever Is In 
It shall be pure. Whatever enters it stiall be pure: wine, oil, aii food and 
all moistened (food) shali be clean. No skin of clean animals 
slaughtered in their cities shall be brought there (to the city of the 
sanctuary). But in their cities they may use them for any work they 
need. But they shall not bring them to the city of my sanctuary, for the 
purity of the skin corresponds to that of the flesh. You shall not profane 
the city where I cause my name and my sanctuary to abide. For It Is In 
the skins (of animals) slaughtered In the sanctuary that they shall bring 
their wine and oil and all their food to the city of my sanctuary. They 
shall not pollute my sanctuary with the skins of animals slaughtered In 
their country which are tainted (= unfit for the Temple). You cannot 
render any city among your cities as pure as my city, for the purity of 
the skin of the animal corresponds to the purity of Its flesh. If you 
slaughter It In my sanctuary, It shall be pure for my sanctuary, but If you 
slaughter It In your cities, It shall be pure (only) for your cities. Whatever 
Is pure for the sanctuary, shall be brought In skins (fit) for the sanctuary, 
and you shall not profane my sanctuary and my city where I abide with 
tainted skins. 

XLVIII ... [the cormorant, the stork, every kl]nd of [heron,] the 
hoop[oe and the bat] ... 

You may eat [the following] flying [insects]: every kind of great locust, 
every kind of long-headed locust, every kind of green locust, and every 
kind of desert locust. These are among the flying Insects which you 
may eat: those which walk on four legs and have legs jointed above 
their feet to leap with them on the ground and wings to fly with. You 
shall not eat the carcass of any bird or beast but may sell It to a 
foreigner You shall not eat any abominable thing, for you are a holy 
people to YHWH, your God. 

You are the sons of YHWH, your God. You shall not gash yourselves 
or shave your forelocks in mouming for the dead, nor shall you tattoo 



yourselves, for you are a holy people to YHWH, your God. You shall not 
profane your land. 

You shall not do as the nations do; they bury their dead everywhere, 
they bury them even in their houses. Rather you shall set apart areas in 
the midst of your land where you shall bury your dead. Between four 
cities you shall designate an area for burial. In every city you shall set 
aside areas for those stricken with leprosy, with plague arKi with scab, 
who shall not enter your cities and profane them, and also for those 
who suffer from a flux; and for menstruating women, and women after 
childbirth, so ttiat they may not cause defilement in their midst by their 
impure uncleanness. TTie leper suffering from chronic leprosy or scab, 
who has been pronounced unclean by the priest XLIX ... with cedar 
wood, hyssop and ... your cities with the plague of leprosy and they 
shall be unclean. 

If a man dies in your cities, the house in which the dead man has 
died shall be unclean for seven days. Whatever is in the house and 
whoever enters the house shall be unclean for seven days. Any food on 
which water has been poured shall be unclean, anything moistened 
shall be unclean. Earthenware vessels shall be unclean and whatever 
they contain shall be unclean for every clean man. The open (vessels) 
shall be unclean for every Israelite (with) whatever is moistened in 
them. 

On the day when the body is removed from there, they shall cleanse 
the house of all pollution of oil, wine and water moisture. They shall rub 
its (the house's) floor, walls and doors and shall wash with water the 
bolts, doorposts, thresholds and lintels. On the day when the body is 
removed from there, they shall purify the house and all its utensils, 
hand-mills and mortars, all utensils of wood, iron and bronze and all 
utensils capable of purification. Clothes, sacks and skins shall be 
washed. As for the people, whoever has been in the house or has 
entered the house shall bathe in water and shall wash his clothes on 
the first day. On the third day they shall sprinkle purifying water on them 
and shall bathe. They stiall wash their garments and all tfie utensils in 
the house. 

On the seventh day they shall sprinkle (them) a second time. They 
shall bathe, wash their clothes and utensils and shall be clean by the 



evening of (the impurity contracted) from the dead so as to (be fit to) 
touch their pure things. As for a man who has not been rendered 
unciean on account of L ... they have been unclean. No longer ... until 
they have sprinl<led (them) the second [time] on tfie seventh day and 
shall be clean by the evening at sunset. 

Whoever touches tfie bone of a dead person in the fields, or one 
slai n by the sword , or a dead body or the blood of a dead person, or a 
tomb, he shall purify himself according to the rule of this statute. But if 
he does not purify himself according to the statute of this law, he is 
unclean, his uncleanness being still in him. Whoever touches him must 
wash his clothes, bathe and he shall be clean by the evening. 

If a woman is with child and it dies in her womb, as long as it is dead 
in her, she shall be unclean like a tomb. Any house that she enters shall 
be unclean with all its utensils for seven days. Whoever touches it shall 
be unclean till the evening. If anyone enters the house with her, he shall 
be unclean for seven days. He shall wash his clothes and bathe in 
water on the first (day). On the third day he shall sprinkle and wash his 
clothes and bathe. On the seventh day he shall sprinkle a second time 
and wash his clothes and bathe. At sunset he shall be clean. 

As for all the utensils, clothes, skins and all the materials made of 
goat's hair, you shall deal with them according to the statute of this law. 
All earthenware vessels shall be broken for they are unclean and can 
no more be purified ever. 

All creatures that teem on the ground you shall proclaim unclean: the 
weasel, the mouse, every kind of lizard, the wall gecko, the sand 
gecko, the great lizard and the chameleon. Whoever touches them 
dead LI ... [and whatever comjes out of the[m] ... [shall be] unclean [to 
you.] You shall [not] render yourselves unclean by th[em. Whoever 
touches them] dead shall be unclean un[til the] evening. He shall wash 
his clothes and bathe [In water and at] sun[set] he shall be clean. 
Whoever carries any of their bones, their carcass, skin, flesh or claw 
shall wash his clothes and bathe in water. After sunset he shall be 
clean. You shall forewarn the children of Israel about all the impurities. 

They shall not render themselves unclean by those of which I tell you 
on this mountain and they shall not be unclean. 

For I, YHWH, abide among the children of Israel. You sfiall sanctify 



them and they shall be holy. They shall not render themselves 
abominable by anything that I have separated for them as unclean and 
they shall be holy. 

You shall establish judges and officers In all your towns and they 
shall judge the people with just judgement. Tfiey shall not be partial in 
(their) judgement. They shall not accept bribes, nor shall they twist 
judgement, for the bribe twists judgement, overturns the works of 
justice, blinds the eyes of the wise, produces great guilt, and profanes 
the house by the iniquity of sin. Justice and justice alone shall you 
pursue that you may live and come to inherit the land that I give you to 
inherit for all days. The man who accepts bribes and twists just 
judgement shall be put to death. You shall not be afraid to execute him. 

You shall not do in your land as the nations do. Everywhere they 
sacrifice, plant sacred trees, erect sacred pillars and set up carved 
stones to bow down before them and build for them Lll ... You shall not 
plant [any tree as a sacred tree beside my altar to be made by you.] 
You shall not erect a sacred pillar [that is hateful to me.] You shall not 
make anywhere in your land a carved stone to bow down before it. You 
shall not sacrifice to me any cattle or sheep with a grave blemish, for 
they are abominable to me. You shall not sacrifice to me any cattle or 
sheep or goat that is pregnant, for this would be an abomination to me. 
You shall not slaughter a cow or a ewe and its young on the same day 
neither shall you kill a mother with her young. 

Of all the firstlings born to your cattle or sheep, you shall sanctify for 
me the male animals. You shall not use the firstling of your cattle for 
work, nor shall you shear the firstling of your small cattle. You shall eat it 
before me every year in the place that I shall choose. Should it be 
blemished, being lame or blind or (afTicted with) any grave blemish, 
you shall not sacrifice it to me. It is within your towns that you shall eat 
it. The unclean and the clean among you together (may eat it) like a 
gazelle or a deer. It is the blood alone that you shall not eat. You shall 
spill it on the ground like water and cover it with dust. You shall not 
muzzle an ox while it is threshing. You shall not plough with an ox and 
an ass (harnessed) together. You shall not slaughter clean cattle or 
sheep or goat in any of your towns, within a distance of three days' 
journey from my sanctuary. It is rather in my sanctuary that you shall 



slaughter it, making of it a tiolocaust or peace-offering. You shall eat 
and rejoice before me in the place on which I clxjose to set my name. 
Every clean animal with a blemish, you shall eat It within your towns, 
away from my sanctuary at a distance of thirty stadia. You stiall not 
slaughter It close to my sanctuaryfor Its flesh Is tainted. You stiall not 
eat in my city, which I sanctify by placing my name in it, ttie flesh of 
cattle, slieep or goat which has not entered my sanctuary. They shall 
sacrifice It there, toss its blood to the base of the altar of holocaust and 
shall bum its fat. Llll [Wtien I extend your frontiers as I have told you, 
and If ttie place where I have chosen to set my name is too dlstan]t, 
and you say 'I will eat meat', because you [l]ong for it, [whatever you 
desire,] you may eat, [and you may slau]gh[ter] any of your small cattle 
or cattle which I give you according to my blessing. You may eat It 
within your towns, the clean and the unclean together, iil<e gazelle or 
deer (meat). But you shaii firmly abstain from eating the blood. You 
shall spill it on the ground iil<e water and cover it with dust. For the 
blood Is the life and you shaii not eat the life with the flesh so that it may 
be well with you and with your sons after you for ever. You shall do that 
which is correct and good before me, for I am YHWH, your God. 

But all your devoted gifts and votive donaflons you shall bring when 
you come to the place where i cause my name to abide, and you shall 
sacrifice (them) there before me as you have devoted and vowed them 
with your mouth. When you make a vow, you shall not tarry in fulfilling It, 
for surely I will require It of you and you shall become guilty of a sin. You 
shall keep the word uttered by your lips, for your mouth has vowed 
freely to perform your vow. 

When a man makes a vow to me or swears an oath to take upon 
himself a binding obllgafion, he must not break his word. Whatever has 
been uttered by his mouth, he shall do It. 

When a woman makes a vow to me, or takes upon herself a binding 
obligation by means of an oath in her father's house, in her youth, if her 
father hears of her vow or the binding obllgafion which she has taken 
upon herself and remains silent, all her vows shall stand, and her 
binding obllgafion which she has taken upon herself shall stand. If, 
however, her father definitely forbids her on the day that he hears of It, 
none of tier vows or binding obligations which she has taken upon 



herself shall statxl, and I will absolve her because (her father) has 
forbidden her LIV [when he] h[eard of them. But if he annuls them after] 
the da[ythathe has] hea[rd of them, he shall bear] herguiit: [her] fa[ther 
has annulled them. Any vow] or binding oath (made by a woman) [to 
mortify herself,] her husbarxl may cx5nfi[nn it] or annul it on the day that 
he hears of it, and I will absolve her. 

But any vow of a widow or a divorced woman, whatever she has 
tal<en upon herself shall stand in conformity with all that her mouth has 
uttered. 

Everything that I command you today, see to it that it is kept. You 
shall not add to it, nor detract from it. 

If a prophet or a dreamer appears among you and presents you with 
a sign or a portent, even if the signer the portent comes true, when he 
says, 'Let us go and worship other gods whom you have not known!', 
do not listen to the words of that prophet or that dreamer, for I am 
testing you to discover whether you love YHWH, the God of your 
fathers, with all your heart and soul. It is YHWH, your God, that you must 
follow and serve, and it is him that you must fear and his voice that you 
must obey and you must hold fast to him. That prophet or dreamer 
shall be put to death for he has preached rebellion against YHWH, your 
God, who brought you out of the land of Egypt and redeemed you from 
the house of bondage, to lead you astray from the path that I have 
commanded you to follow. You shall rid yourself of this evil. 

If your brother, the son of your father or the son of your mother, or 
your son, or your daughter, or the wife of your bosom, or your friend 
who is like your own self, (seeks to) entice you secretly, saying, 'Let us 
go and worship other gods whom you have not known', neither you, LV 
[nor] your [fa]thers, some of the gods [of the peoples that are round 
about you, whether near you or far off from you], from the one end of 
the earth to [the other, you shall not yield to him or listen to him, nor 
shall your eye pity] him, nor shall you spare [him, nor shall you conceal 
him; but you shall kill him; your hand shall be first against him to put him 
to death, and afterwards the hand of all the people. You shall stone him 
to death with stones because he sought to] draw you away [from me 
who brought you out of the land of Egypt, out of the house of bondage. 
And all Israel shall hear, and fear, and never again do such an evil 



thing] among you. If in on[e of your cities in wfiich I] give you to dw[ell] 
you fiearthis said: 'Men, [s]ons of [Beii]ai liave arisen in your midst and 
have led astray aii the inhabitants of their city saying, "Let us go and 
worship gods whom you have not knownl",' you shaii irKiuire, search 
and investigate carefully. If tfie matter is proven true that such an 
abomination has been done in Israel, you shall surely put all the 
inhabitants of that city to the sword. You shall place it and all who are in 
it under the ban, and you shall put the beasts to the sword. You shall 
assemble all the booty In (the city) square and shall bum it with fire, the 
city and all the booty, as a whole-offering to YHWH, your God. It shall 
be a mln for ever and shall never be rebuilt. Nothing from that which 
has been placed under the ban shall cleave to your hand so that I may 
turn from my hot anger and show you compassion. I will be 
compassionate to you and multiply you as I told your fathers, provided 
that you obey my voice, keeping all my commandments that I 
command you today, to do that which is correct and good before 
YHWH, your God. 

If among you, in one of your towns that I give you, there is found a 
man or a woman who does that which is wrong in my eyes by 
transgressing my covenant, and goes and worships other gods, and 
bows down before them, or before the sun or the moon, or all the host 
of heaven, if you are told about it, and you hear about this matter, you 
shall search and investigate it carefully. If the matter is proven true that 
such an abomination has been done in Israel, you shall lead out that 
man or that woman and stone him (to death) with stones. 

LVI... [You shall go to the Levitical priests o]r to the 0]u[dges then in 
office]; you shall seek their guidance and [they] shall pro[nounce on] the 
matter for which [you have sought their guidance, and they shall 
procl]aim the(lr) judgement to you. You shall act in conformity with the 
law that they proclaim to you and the saying that they declare to you 
from the book of the Law. They shall issue to you a proclamation in 
truth from the place where I choose to cause my name to abide. Be 
careful to do all that they teach you and act in conformity with the 
decision that they communicate to you. Do not stray from the law which 
they proclaim to you to the right or to the left. The man who does not 
listen but acts arrogantly wittxjut obeying the priest who is posted there 



to minister before me, or the judge, that man stiall die. You shall rid 
israei of evii. All the people shall hear of it and shall be awe-stricl<en, 
and none shall ever again be arrogant in israei. 

When you enter the land which I give you, tai<e possession of it, 
dwell in it and say, 'I will appoint a king over me as do all the nations 
around me!', you may surely appoint over you the l<ing wtxjm I will 
choose. It is from among your brothers that you shall appoint a l<ing 
over you. You shall not appoint over you a foreigner who is not your 
brother. He (the king) shall definitely not acquire many horses, neither 
shall he lead the people back to Egypt for war to acquire many horses 
and much silver arxl gold, for I told you, 'You shall never again go back 
that way. He shall not acquire many wives that they may not turn his 
heart away from me. He shall not acquire very much silver and gold. 

When he sits on the throne of his kingdom, they shall write for him 
this law from the book which is before the priests. LVII This is the law 
[that they shall write for him] ... [They shall count,] on the day that they 
appoint hi[m] king, the sons of Israel from the age of twenty to sixty 
years according to their standard (units). He shall install at their head 
captains of thousands, captains of hundreds, captains of fifties and 
captains of tens in all their cities. He shall select from among them one 
thousand by tribe to be with him: twelve thousand warriors who shall 
not leave him alone to be captured by the nations. All the selected men 
whom he has selected shall be men of truth, God-fearers, haters of 
unjust gain and mighty warriors. They shall be with him always, day and 
night. They shall guard him from anything sinful, and from any foreign 
nation in order not to be captured by them. The twelve princes of his 
people shall be with him, and twelve from among the priests, and from 
among the Levites twelve. They shall sit together with him to (proclaim) 
judgement and the law so that his heart shall not be lifted above them, 
and he shall do nothing without them concerning any affair. 

He shall not marry as wife any daughter of the nations, but shall take 
a wife for himself from his father's house, from his father's family He 
shall not take another wife in addition to her, for she alone shall be with 
him all the time of her life. But if she dies, he may marry another from 
his father's house, from his family He shall not twist judgement; he 
shall take no bribe to twist a just judgement and shall not covet a field 



or a vineyard, any riches or house, or anything desirable in Israel. IHe 
shall (not) rob LVIII ... 

When the l<ing liears of any nation or people intent on plundering 
whatever belongs to Israel, he shall serKi for the captains of thousands 
and the captains of hundreds posted In the cities of Israel. They shall 
send with him (the captain) one tenth of thie people to go with him (the 
l<ing) to war against their enemies, and they stiall go with him. But if a 
large force enters tfie land of Israel, they stiall send with him one fiflh of 
the warriors. If a king with chariots arxJ horses arxJ a large force 
(comes), they shall send with him one third of the warriors, and the two 
(remaining) divisions shall guard their city and their boundaries so that 
no marauders invade their land. If the war presses him (the king) hard, 
they shall send to him half of the people, the men of the army, but the 
(other) half of the people shall not be severed from their cities. 

If they triumph over their enemies, smash them, put them to the 
sword and carry away their booty, they shall give the king his tithe of 
this, the priests one thousandth and the Levites one hundredth from 
everything. They shall halve the rest between the combatants and their 
brothers whom they have left in their cities. 

If he (the king) goes to war against his enemies, one fifth of the 
people shall go with him, the warriors, all the mighty men of valour. 
They shall avoid everything unclean, everything shameful, every iniquity 
and guilt. He shall not go until he has presented himself before the 
High Priest who shall Inquire on his behalf for a decision by the Urim 
and Tummim. It is at his word that he shall go and at his word that he 
shall come, he and all the children of Israel who are with him. He shall 
not go following his heart's counsel until he (the High Priest) has 
inquired for a decision by the Urim and Tummim. He shall (then) 
succeed In all his ways on which he has set out according to the 
decision which LIX ... and they shall disperse them In many lands and 
they shall become a h[orror], a byword, a mockery. With a heavy yoke 
and In extreme want, they shall there serve gods made by human 
hands, of wood and stone, silver and gold. During this time their cities 
shall become a devastation, a laughing-stock and a wasteland, and 
their enemies shall devastate them. They shall sigh In the lands of their 
enemies and scream because of tfie heavy yoke. They shall cry out but 



I will not listen; they shall scream but I will not answer them because of 
their evil doings. I will hide my face from them and they shall become 
food, plunder and prey None shall save them because of their 
wickedness, because they have broken my covenant and their soul 
has loathed my law until they have incurred every guilt. Afterwards they 
will return to me with all their heart and all their soul, in conformity with 
all the words of this law, and I will save them from the hand of their 
enemies and redeem them from the hand of those wfio hate them, and 
I will bring them to the land of their fathers. I will redeem them, and 
Increase them and exult over them. I will be their God and they shall be 
my people. 

The king wtxjse heart and eyes have gone astray from my 
commandments shall never have one to sit on the throne of his fathers, 
for I will cut off his posterity for ever so that it shall no more rule over 
Israel. But if he walk after my rules and keep my commandments and 
do that which is correct and good before me, no heir to the throne of 
the kingdom of Israel shall be cut off from among his sons for ever. I will 
be with him and will save him from the hand of those who hate him and 
from the hand of those who seek his life. I will place all his enemies 
before him and he shaii rule over them according to his pleasure and 
they shall not rule over him. I will set him on an upward, not on a 
downward, course, to be the head and not the tail, that the days of his 
kingdom may be lengthened greatly for him and his sons after him. 

LX ... and aii their wave-offerings. All their firstling male [bea]sts and 
all ... of their beasts and aii their holy gifts which they shaii sanctify to 
me together with all their holy gifts of praise and a proportion of their 
offering of birds, wild animals and ftsh, one thousandth of their catch, 
and all that they shall devote, and the proportion of the booty and the 
plunder. 

To the Levites shall belong the tithe of the corn, the wine and the oil 
that they have sanctified to me first; the shoulder from those who 
slaughter a sacrifice and a proportion of the booty, the plunder and the 
catch of birds, wild animals and fish, one hundredth; the tithe from the 
young pigeons and from the honey one fiftieth. To the priests shall 
belong one hundredth of the young pigeons, for I have chosen them 
from all your tribes to attend on me and minister (before me) and bless 



my name, he and his sons always. If a Levite come from any town 
anywhere in Israel where he sojoums to the place where I will choose 
to cause my name to abide, (if he come) with an eager soul, he may 
minister like his brethren ttie Levites who atterxl on me ttiere. He shall 
have the same share of food with them, besides the inheritance from 
his father's family. 

When you enter the land which I give you, do not learn to practise the 
abominations of those nations. There shall be found among you none 
who makes his son or daughter pass through fire, nor an augur or a 
soothsayer, a diviner or a sorcerer, one wtxs casts spells or a medium, 
or wizards or necromancers. For they are an abomination before me, 
all wtK> practise such things, and it is because of these abominations 
that I drive them out before you. You shall be perfect towards YHWH, 
your God. For these nations that LXI ... to ut[ter a word] in [my] n[ame 
which I have n]ot comman[ded him to] utter, or wh[o speaks in the 
name of othjer go[ds], that prophet shall be put to death. If you say in 
your heart, 'How shall we know the word which YHWH has not 
uttered?', when the word uttered by the prophet in the name of YHWH 
is not fulfilled and does not come true, that is not a word that I have 
uttered. The prophet has spoken arrogantly; do not fear him. 

A single witness may not come forward against a man in the matter 
of any iniquity or sin which he has committed. It is on the evidence of 
two witnesses or three witnesses that a case can be established. If a 
malicious witness comes forward against a man to testify against him 
in a case of a crime, both disputants shall stand before me and before 
the priests and the Levites and before the judges then in office, and the 
judges shall inquire, and If the witness is a false witness who has 
testified falsely against his brother, you shall do to him as he proposed 
to do to his brother. You shall rid yourselves of evil. The rest shall hear 
of It and shall be awe-stricken and never again shall such a thing be 
done in your midst. You shall have no mercy on him: life for life, eye for 
eye, tooth for tooth, hand for hand, foot for foot. 

When you go to war against your enemies, and you see horses and 
chariots and an army greater than yours, be not afraid of them, for I am 
with you who brought you out of the land of Egypt. When you approach 
the battle, the priest stiall come fonward to speak to ttie amny and say 



to them, 'Hear, Israel, you approach ... ' ... LXII [and another man shall 
use Its fruit. IT any man has betrothed a woman but has not yet married 
her, he shall return] home. Otherwise he may die In the war and 
another man may take her. [The] of[flcers shall continue] to address the 
army and say, 'If any man Is afraid and has lost heart, he shall go and 
return. Otherwise he may render his kinsmen as faint-hearted as 
himself.' 

When the judges have finished addressing the army, they shall 
appoint army captains at the head of the people. 

When you approach a city to fight it, (first) offer It peace. If it seeks 
peace and opens (its gates) to you, then all the people found in it shall 
become your forced labourers and shall serve you. If It does not make 
peace with you, but is ready to fight a war against you, you shall 
besiege It and I will deliver it Into your hands. You shall put all its males 
to the sword, but the women, the children, the beasts and all that Is in 
the city, all its booty, you may take as spoil for yourselves. You may 
enjoy the use of the booty of your enemies which I give you. Thus shall 
you treat the very distant cities, those which are not among the cities of 
these nations. But In the cities of the peoples which I give you as an 
inheritance, you shall not leave alive any creature. Indeed you shall 
utterly exterminate the Hittites, the Amorites, the Canaanites, the 
Hivites, the Jebusites, the Girgashites and the Perizzites as I have 
commanded you, that they may not teach you to practise all the 
abominations that they have performed to their gods. 

LXIII ... [a heifer with which] he has not worked, which [has not drawn 
the yoke. The elders of] that city [shall bring down] the heifer to a ravine 
with an ever-flowing stream which has never been sown or cultivated, 
and there they shall break its neck. 

The priests, the sons of Levi, shall come forward, for I have chosen 
them to minister before me and bless my name, and every dispute and 
every assault shall be decided by their word. All the elders of the city 
nearest to the body of the murdered man shall wash their hands over 
the head of the heifer whose neck has been broken in the ravine. They 
shall declare, 'Our hands did not shed this blood, nor did our eyes see 
it happen. Accept expiation for thy people Israel whom thou hast 
redeemed, O YHWH, and do not permit the guilt of innocent blood to 



rest among thy people, Israel. Let this blood be expiated for them.' You 
shall rid Israel (of the guilt) of innocent blood, and you shall do that 
which is correct and good before YHWH, your God. When you go to 
war against your enemies, and I deliver them into your hands, arxJ you 
capture some of them, if you see among the captives a pretty woman 
and desire her, you may take her to be your wife. You shall bring her to 
your house, you shall shave her head, and cut her nails. You shall 
discard the clothes of her captivity and she shall dwell in your house, 
and bewail her father and mother for a full month. Aften/vards you may 
go to her, consummate the marriage with her and she will be your wife. 
But she shall not touch whatever is pure for you for seven years, neither 
shall she eat of the sacrifice of peace-offering until seven years have 
elapsed. Afterwards she may eat. LXIV ... [the firstfruits of his virility 
he has the right of the first-born.] 

If a man has a disobedient and rebellious son who refuses to listen 
to his father and mother, nor listens to them when they chastise him, 
his father and mother shall take hold of him and bring him to the elders 
of his city, to the gate of his place. They shall say to the elders of his 
town, 'This son of ours is disobedient and rebellious; he does not listen 
to us; he is a glutton and a drunkard.' All the men of his city shall stone 
him with stones and he shall die, and you shall rid yourselves of evil. All 
the children of Israel shall hear of it and be awe-stricken. If a man 
slanders his people and delivers his people to a foreign nation and 
does evil to his people, you shall hang him on a tree and he shall die. 
On the testimony of two witnesses and on the testimony of three 
witnesses he shall be put to death and they shall hang him on the tree. 
If a man is guilty of a capital crime and flees (abroad) to the nations, 
and curses his people, the children of Israel, you shall hang him also on 
the tree, and he shall die. But his body shall not stay overnight on the 
tree. Indeed you shall bury him on the same day For he who is hanged 
on the tree is accursed of God and men. You shall not pollute the 
ground which I give you to inherit. If you see your kinsman's ox or 
sheep or donkey straying, do not neglect them; you shall indeed return 
them to your kinsman. If your kinsman does not live near you, and you 
do not know who he is, you shall bring the animal to your house and it 
shall be with you until he claims (it). LXV ... 



[Wh]en a bird's nest happens to lie before you by tlie roadside, on 
any tree or on the ground, with fledglings or eggs, and the hen is sitting 
on the fledglings or the eggs, you sliall not tal<e the hen with the young. 
You shall surely let the hen escape and take only the young so ttiat it 
may be weii with you and your days shaii be prolonged. When you buiid 
a new house, you shall construct a parapet on ttie roof so that you do 
not bring biood-guiit on your house if anyone should fall from it. 

When a man takes a wife, has sexual intercourse with her and takes 
a dislike to her, and brings a baseless charge against her, ruining her 
reputation, and says, 'i have taken ttiis woman, approached her, and 
did not find the proof of virginity in her', the father or ttie mottier of the 
giri shall take the girl's proof of virginity and bring it to ttie elders at the 
gate. The girl's father shaii say to the eiders, 'i gave my daughter to be 
this man's wife; he has taken a dislike to her and has brought a 
baseless charge against her saying, "I have not found the proof of 
virginity in your daughter." Here is the proof of my daughter's virginity' 
They shaii spread out the garment before the eiders of that city The 
eiders of that city shaii take that man and chastise him. They shaii fine 
him one hundred pieces of silver which they shall give to the father of 
the giri, because he (the husband) has tried to ruin the reputation of an 
Israelite virgin. He shall not LXVI ... [When a virgin betrothed to a man 
is found by another man In the city and he lies with her, they shaii bring 
both of them to the gate] of that city and stone them with stones and 
they shaii be put to death: the giri because she has not shouted (for 
help, although she was) In the city and the man because he has 
dishonoured his neighbour's wife. You shaii rid yourselves of evil. If the 
man has found the woman in the fields In a distant place hidden from 
the city and raped her, only he who has lain with her shall be put to 
death. To the giri they shall do nothing since she has committed no 
crime worthy of death. For this affair is like that of a man who attacks 
his neighbour and murders him. For it was in the fields that he found 
her and the betrothed giri shouted (for help), but none came to her 
rescue. 

When a man seduces a virgin who is not betrothed, but is suitable to 
him according to the rule, and lies with her, and he is found out, he who 
has lain with her shall give the girl's father fifty pieces of silver and she 



shall be his wife. Because he has dishonoured her, he may tx>t divorce 
her all his days. A man shall not take his father's wife and shall not lift 
his father's skirt. A man shall not take the wife of his brother and shall 
not lift the skirt of his brother, the son of his fether or the son of his 
mother, for this is unclean. A man shall not take his sister, the daughter 
of his father or the daughter of his mother, for this Is abominable. A 
man shall not take his father's sister or his mother's sister, for this Is 
Immoral. A man shall not take the daughter of his brother or the 
daughter of his sister for this is abominable. (A man) shall rK>t take 
LXVII ... 



MMT (Miqsat Ma'ase Ha- Torah) - Some 
Observances of the Law 



(4Q394-9) 



Mutilated fragments of six Cave 4 manuscripts have acquired 
international notoriety on account of a lawsuit filed before the 
Jerusalem district court which found that one of the official editors of 
this text, Elisha Qimron, owned the copyright of the MMT text as 
reconstructed by him. Hershel Shanks, of the Biblical Archaeology 
Society of Washington, was held responsible for breaching this 
copyright and ordered to pay $43,000 damages. However, an appeal 
having been lodged with the Israeli Supreme Court, the matter is still 
subjudice. 

When the contents of the six copies are assembled into a single 
account, they amount to 120 lines mostly of a fragmentary nature. The 
document begins with a sectarian calendar (section A), which may or 
may not pertain to the original MMT; it continues with a series of 
special rules (section B), and ends with an exhortation (section C). 
MMT has been called an epistie, but since it lacks the introductory and 
concluding formulae of a letter, it is more likely to be a kind of legal 
tractate. It is addressed to a single leading personality who is 
compared to King David. The dramatis personae consist of a 'we' 
party, a 'you' party, and a 'they party. The group responsible for MMT, 
who refer to themselves as 'we', seek to detach the leader of the 'you' 
party from the erroneous views propounded by the 'they party. The 
editors claim that MMT was written by the Teacher of Righteousness 
and sent to the Wicked Priest; ttiat the views of the 'we' party are akin 
to those of the Sadducees; and that the 'they party are the Pharisees. 
IHowever, these are no more than hypotheses. In particular, the 
identification of the author with the Teacher of Righteousness is less 
likely than that of the leader of ttie 'you' group with the man who was to 



become the Wicked Priest, probabiy Jonathan Maccabaeus. 

It has also been advanced that the original nucleus of the Qumran 
Community, responsible for MMT, consisted of eariy or proto- 
Sadducees. However, one should bear In mind that the priests in this 

writing are never called sons of Zadol< or Sadducees, but are referred 
to as sons of Aaron (of 4QS'' (=4Q256) and 405^^ (4Q258) above, p. 
118). The alleged Sadducee connection relies on three legal rules, out 
of a list of more than twenty, In MMT which represent opinions identical 
with the halakhah attributed in rabbinic literature to the Sadducees, 
and contrasted with the stance taken by the Pharisees (cf mParah 5:4 
and MMT B 13-17; mYad 4:7; mToh 8:9 and MMT B 55-8; mYad 4:6 
and MMT B 72-4). 

The chief topics of controversy are (I) the calendar (if it is an integral 
part of the document); (2) ritual purity (acceptability of Gentile offerings, 
law on slaughter, the 'red heifer' ritual, exclusion of the blind and the 
deaf law relating to lepers, purity of running liquids, fourth-year fruit 
and tithe of cattle, ban on dogs in Jerusalem, the law regulating contact 
with dead bodies); (3) marriage and intermarriage rules, and (4) 
decrees regulating entry into the congregation. MMT is particulariy 
important as a source of ancient legal debate. It is unique among the 
Dead Sea Scrolls and foreshadows the halakhic process developed 
and practised by later rabbis. 

Instead of presenting a composite text, the translation will reflect 
actual manuscripts and follow their line numbering. If there are 
overlapping fragments, gaps In the main manuscript will be filled from 
the parallel text and the borrowing will appear between {}. However, to 
assist the reader who desires to consult the Qimron-Strugnell edition, 
the line numbers of their composite text are given in brackets. Unlike 
the editors, I have been economical with purely conjectural restorations 
of the many gaps. Obscurities in the translation therefore faithfully 
reflect the real status of the Hebrew original. 

For the editio princeps, see E. Qimron and J. Strugnell, Qumran 
Cave 4, V(DJD, X, Clarendon Press, Oxford, 1994). 



1 . MMT A = A SECTARIAN CALENDAR 



(4Q3941-2) 

(The fragmentary calendar is presented in five parallel columns which 
originally covered eighteen lines. Hence the end of the calendar at the 
top of 4Q394 3-7 i is listed as lines 19 to 21 by Qimron-Strugnell. 
Whether this calendar is part of the original MMT or is merely copied 
on the same scroll is uncertain.) 

I [On the sixteenth of it (of the second month); sabbath.] 

On the twenty-third of it: sabbath. 

[On] the thir[tie]th [of it: sabbath. 

On the seventh of the third month: sabbath. 

On the fourteenth of it: sabbath. 

On the fifteenth of it: Feast of Weeks. 

On the twenty-] II [f|irs[t] of it: sabbath. 

[On] the twenty-eighth of it: sabbath. 

The first of the sabbath (=Sunday), and the secon[d da]y (=Monday) 

[and the third are to be added. 

And the season is complete: ninety-one days. 

The first of the fourth month: Memorial day. 

On the fourth] III of it: [sabbath.] 

On the eleventh] of it: sabbath. 

On the eighteenth of it: sabbath. 

On the twenty-fifth of it: sabbath. 

On the second of the fifl[h] (month): [sa]bb[ath. 

On the third of it: Feast of Wine, first of sabbath (Sunday).] 

IV [On the ninth of it: sabbath.] 

On the sixteenth of it: sabbath. 

On the twenty-third of it: sabbath. 

[On the th]irtieth [of it: sabbath. 

On the seventh of the sixth (month): sabbath. 

On the fourteenth of it: sabbath. 



On the twenty-first] V of it: sabbatli. 

On the twenty-second of it: Feast of Oil, fir[st of sabjbath (Sunday). 
Af[ten/vards]: offering of Wood]. 

403943-71 i 

(19) [The (twenty)-eighth of it (of the twelfth month)]: sabbath. 

The first [of the] s[abbath (=Sunday) and the second day (=Monday) 
and the third are to be ad]ded to it. (20) And the year Is complete: 
three-hundred and si[xty-four] (21) days, vacat 



2. MMT B = SPECIAL RULES 



(4Q394 3-7 i conflated with 4Q395) 

(I) These are some of our teachings [ ] which are [ (2) the] works which 
w[e think and a]il of them concern [] (3) and the purity of... 

[And concerning the offering of the wh]eat of the [Gentiles which they 
...](4) and they touch It ... and de[fiie it ... One should not accept 
anything] (5) from the wtieat [of the Gen]tiies [and none of It is] to enter 
the Sanctuary. 

[And concerning] {the sacrifice} (4Q395) ... (6) which they cook in a 
vessel ... {in it} (4Q395) (7) the meat of their sacrifices and that they ... 
in the courtyar[d ...] {it} (4Q395) (8) with the broth of their sacrifice. 

And concerning the sacrifice of the Gentiles ... [we consider that] 
they {sacrifice} (4Q395) (9) to [an idol and] that is [like] a woman 
fornicating with him. 

... (the sacrifice} (4Q395) (10) of peace-off[erings] which they 
postpone from one day to the next. But [it is written (cf Lev. 7:15)] (II) 
that the meai-offe[ring] (is eaten} (4Q395) with the fat and the meat on 
the day of [their] being sacrifi[ced. For the sons] (12) of the priest[s] 
{are to take care of this matter} (4Q395) so as not to (13) burden the 



people with sin. 

{And concerning the purity of the heifer of the sin-offering) (4Q395), 
(14) he who slaughters it and he who burns it and he who collects {its 
ashes and he who sprinkles the} (4Q395) [water] (15) of purification - 
all these {are to be pure} (4Q395) at sunset (16) so that the pure shall 
sprinkle the impure. For the sons 

(4Q394 3-7 ii conflated with 4Q395) 

(17) {of Aaron are to be} (4Q395) ... 

And furthermore (18) [conceming the sk]ins of the cattle [and the 
sheep ... from] (19) their [skin]s vessel[s ... [they are not to (20) bring] 
them to the Sanctuary ... 

(4Q397 1-2 conflated with 4Q398 1-3) 

(21) ... 

And furthermore concerning the skin[s and bones of unclean 
animals, they shall not make from their bones] and from their s[k]i(ns] 

(22) handles of v[essels and] ... 

And furthermore [concerning the sjkin of the carcass (23) of a clean 
[animal], he who carries their carcass shall not touch the [sacred] 
purity. 

(24) And concerning ... (25) ... 

(4Q394 3-7 ii conflated with 4Q397 3) 

[the sons of] (26) the pri[es]ts are to [be care]f[ul] regarding {all these 
matters} (4Q397 3) so as not (27) to burden the people with sin. 

[And concerning that which is written, [If a man slaughters in the 
camp or (28) slaughters] outside the camp an ox or a lamb or a goat 
(Lev. 7:13) for ... {on the northern side of the camp} (4Q397 3). (29) 
And we consider the Sanctuary [as the tent of meeting and 



Je]rusale[m] as (30) the {camp and out[side] the] (4Q397 3) camp [i.e. 
outside Jerusalem], that is the camp (31) of their towns. Outside the 
camp ... they bring out the ashes [(32) of the] aitar and they burn ... For 
Jerusalem] is the piace which (33) [He has chosen] {from aii the tri[bes 
of Israel]} (4Q397 3) ... 

(4Q396 1-2 i conflated with 4Q394 8 iii and 4Q397 5) 

(35) ... they [do no]t slaughter in the Sanctuary. 

(36) [And concerning pregnant animals] {we consider} (4Q397 5) 
[that one should not sacrifice] the mother and the unborn young on the 
same day. 

(37) [And concerning eating, w]e consider that the unborn young (38) 
may be eaten ... (provided it has been slaughtered) ... [this is] so and 
the saying is written concerning a pregnant animal, vacat 

(39) [And concerning the Ammon]{ite and the Moabite} (4Q394 8 iii) 
and the {bastard} (4Q397 5) [and the man whose testicles] have been 
crushed [and one] whose penis [has been cut off] who enter (40) the 
congregation, [... and] they [ta]ke [wives so as to be] {one} (4Q397 5) 
bone (with them) ... (41)... 

(4Q394 8 iii conflated witli 4Q396 1-2 i-ii and 4Q397 5) 
(42) {impurities. 

And furthermore we consider} (4Q397 5) (43) [that they should not ... 
and should not have intercour]se with them. (44) [... and tfiey should] 
{not unite with them} (4Q397 5) so as to make them (45) [into one 
bone (46) ... that some of the people ... (47) ... (48) {from all} (4Q397 5) 
(sexual) mingling (49) ... {and to be fearful of the Sanctuary} (4Q396 1- 
211). 



(4Q396 1-2 11) 



[And furthermore concerning] {the blind} (4Q394 8 iv) (50) who do not 
see how to beware of all minglpngs] 

(4Q394 8 iv conflated with 4Q396 1-2 ii and 4Q397 6-13) 

(51) and do not see the minglings which entail guilt (offering). (52) And 
furthermore concerning the deaf wfo have not heard the decrees and 
judgements and purity (rules) and have not (53) heard the judgements 
of Israel - for he who has not seen and has not heard (them) does not 

(54) know how to practise (them); yet ttiey come to the pure food of the 
Sanctuary, vacat 

(55) And furtfiermore conceming the pouring (of liquids), we say ttiat it 
contains no (56) purity. 

And furtfiermore the pouring does not separate ttie impure (57) 
{from the pure} (4Q397 6-13) for the poured liquid and that in the 
receptacle are alike, (58) one liquid. 

And {dogs} (4Q397 6-13) are not to be brought to the sacred camp 
for (59) they may eat some of the bones from the Sanctua[ry] to which 
meat is still attached. For (60) Jerusalem is {the sacred camp} (4Q397 
6-13) and is the place 

(4Q396 1-2 iii conflated with 4Q394 8 iv and 4Q397 6-13) 

(61) which He has chosen from all the tribes of Israel, for Jerusalem is 
the head (62) of the camps of Israel. 

And furthermore con[ceming the pljanting of fruit trees planted (63) 
in the land of Israel, they are like {firstfruits} (4Q397 6-13) destined for 
the {priests} (4Q397 6-13)- {And the tithe} (4Q394 8 iv) of the cattle 
(64) and sheep is for the priests. 

And furthermore concerning the lepers, we (65) s[ay that they shall 
not cjome (into contact) with the sacred pure food for {they shall be} 
(4Q397 6-1 3) separated (66) ... 



Furthermore it is written tliat from the time he (the leper) has shaved 
and washed, he shall stay outside (67) ... [for seven] days. ArxJ now 
whiie their Impurity Is with them ... [they shall not (68) come Into contact 
w]ith the sacred pure food of the house. And you l<now (69) ... and It is 

conceaied from him, he is to bring (70) {a sin-offering) (4Q397 6-1 3). 

[And concerning the person who does anything with a high hand it is 
wriflten that he is one who despises and reviles (God) (cf. Num. xv, 30- 
31). (71) ... {impurities of leprosy} (4Q397 6-13), they are not to eat 
from the holy things 

(4Q396 1-2 iv conflated with 4Q397 6-13) 

(72) until the sun has set on the eighth day. 

And concerning [the impurities] (73) {of a man, we say that every} 
(4Q397 6-13) bone to which (74) flesh is or [is not] attached is to be 
treated according to the law of the dead or slain, vacat 

(75) And concerning fornication practised byttie people, ttiey should 
be s[ons of] holiness, (76) as it is written, {Israel} (4Q397 6-13) is holy 
(Jer. ii, 3). 

And concerning [his clea]n ani[mal], (77) It Is written that It shall not 
be mated with a different kind. 

And conceming [his clothes], it Is written Uiat they shall [not (78) be 
of mixed] material. 

And he shall not sow his field arx) vlne[yard with two kind]s. (79) For 
they are holy and the sons of Aaron are most h[oly]. (80) And you know 
that some of the priests and [the people mingle] (81) [and they] unite 
and defile the [holy] seed and also (82) their [seed] with whores f[or] ... 

(40397 14-21) 

(4) And conceming ttie wome[n ... vlolen]ce and betrayal ... (5) For in 
these ... [on account ofj the violence arxJ fornication they perish[ed ... ] 
(6) places. 



[And furthermore] it is written [in tine Bool< of Moses that] You shall 
not bring an abominable thing in[to your house (cf. Deut. vii, 26) for] 
(7) an abominabie thing is detestabie. 



3. MMT C = THE EXHORTATION 



(4Q397 14-21 1 followed by 4Q398) 

[And you l<now that] we have separated from the mass of the peo[pie] 
... (8) and from mingling with them in these matters and from being in 
contact with them in these (matters). And you k[now that no] treachery 
or lie or evil (9) is found in our hands for we give for [these] th[e ... 

And furthermore] (10) we [have written] to you (sing.) that you should 
understand {the Book of Moses} (4Q398 14-17 1) and the Book[s of 
the Pr]ophets and Davi[d arxJ all (11) the events] of every age. And in 
{the Book is written} (40398 14-17 1) ... not [for] (12) you {and the days 
ofold} (40398 14-171). 

And furthermore it is written that [you will depari:] from ttie w[a]y and 
that evil will befall you (cf. Deut. xxxi, 29). {And it is written} (40398 14- 
171), 

(4Q398 14-17 1) 

(13) And it (14) [shall come to pas]sv\hen all these {things} 
(4.Q39714-21) [/)e]/a// you in the en[d] of days, the blessing (15) and 
the curse, [then you wll call them to mind] and retu[rn to Him wth a]ll 
your heart (16) and ail your soul (Deut. xxx, 1-2) at the end of days. 
(17) [And it is written in the Book] of Moses and in the Boo[ks of the 
Prophet]s that there shall come ... (18) [and the blessings came] 



(4Q398 11-13) 



in the days of Solomon the son of David. And the curses (19) came 
from in the days of Jeroboam the son of Nebat(20) untii Jerusalem 
and Zedekiah king of Judah were exiled that He will b[rin]g them to ... 
And we recognize that some of the blessings and curses which are 
(21 ) written in the B[ook of Mo]ses have come. And this is at the end of 
days when they will come back to Israel (22) for [ever] ... and shall not 
turn back-war [ds]. And the wicked shall act (23) wickedly and ... 

Remember the kings of Israel and understand their works that each 
of them who (24) feared [the To]rah was saved from troubles, and to 
those who were seekers of the Law, (25) their iniquities 

(4Q398 14-17 ii conflated with 4Q399) 

were [par]doned. 

Remember David, that he was a man of piety, and that (26) he was 
also saved from many troubles and pardoned. 

We have also written to you (sing.) concerning (27) some of the 
observances of the Law {miqsat ma'ase ha-Torab), which we think are 
beneficial to you and your people. For [we have noticed] that (28) 
prudence and knowledge of the Law are with you. 

Understand all these (matters) and ask Him to straighten (29) your 
counsel and put you far away from thoughts of evil and the counsel of 
Belial. (30) Consequently you will rejoice at the end of time when you 
discover that some of our sayings are true. (31) And it will be reckoned 
for you as righteousness when you perform what is right and good 
before Him, for your own good (32) and for that of Israel, vacat 



The Wicked and the Holy 



(4Q181) 



The first fragment of a document from Cave 4(4Q181), which its editor 
has left untitled, describes in a manner similar to Community Rule IV 
the respective destinies of the damned and the chosen. See J. M. 
Allegro and A. A. Anderson, DJD,V, 79-80; cf. J. Strugnell, RQ 7 
(1970), 254-5; J. T. Mi Ilk, JJS 23 (1972), 114-18. 

... for guilt with the congregation of his people, for it has wallowed in 
the sin of the sons of men; (and it was appointed)for great judgements 
and evil diseases in the flesh according to the mighty deeds of God 
and in accordance with their wickedness. In conformity with their 
congregation of uncleanness, (they are to be separated) as a 
community of wickedness until (wickedness) ends. 

In accordance with the mercies of God, according to His goodness 
and wonderful glory. He caused some of the sons of the world to draw 
near (Him) ... to be counted with Him in the com[munity of the 'g]ods' 
as a congregation of holiness in service for eternal life and (sharing) 
the lot of His holy ones ... each man according to his lot which He has 
cast for ... for eternal life ... 



4QHalakhah A 



(4Q251) 



Twenty-six severely damaged fragments, palaeograptiically dated to 
the late first century BCE, represent extracts from the Pentateuch with 
textual variations and exegetical paraphrases. The main topics are the 
Sabbath, compensation for injuries, firstfruits, the priest's wife, 
forbidden marital unions, etc. 

For the editio phnceps, see E. Larson, M. R. Lehman and L. 
Schiffman, DJD, XXXV, 25-51 . 



Frs. 1-2 



... and to draw water from a cistern ... the drawing ... [No] man shall 
take anything from his place on the Sabbath, [from outside the house 
into it] or from the house outsi[de] ... for him to interpret and read in the 
Book on the [Sabba]th ... 



Frs. 4-7 i 



... [Wh]en m[en] quarrel [and one stri]kes [his fellow with a stone or with 
his fist and the man does not] di[e but keeps] his [be]d, [then if the man 
rises again] and w[alks outside, tie who injur]ed him is not guilty. Only 
[he shall pay for the loss of his time] and for his medical [treatment]. 
vacat 

[When a man strikes his slave, male or female] with a rod ... (cf. 
Exod. 21:1 8-20). 



Fr. 8 



[When a man strikes his slave, male or female,] in the eye [and 
destroys it, or if he knocks out the tooth of his slave, male or female, he 
shall free] him. He shall pay for the lo[ss of his time and for his medica]l 
treatment [for the sake of his eye or his tooth (cf. Exod. 21:26 
combined with 21:19). When an ox gores a man or] a woman, the ox 
shall be killed and they will stone it [and its flesh shall not be eaten. But 
the owner of the ox will be not guilty. But if the ox has been accustomed 
to gore] in the past, and its owner has been warned but has not kept it 
in, and it has killed [a ma]n or a woman, [the ox shall be stoned and its 
owner also shall be put to death. If a ransom is laid upon him, then the 
man shall give ... (cf Exod. 21 :28-30). 



Fr. 9 



[Let no man eat wheat, wljne or oil unless [the priest has waved] their 
best, the firstfruit of the produce. No man shall delay, for [wine] is the 
firstfruit of the produce, [and] the wheat. The juice ... (cf Exod. 22:28). 
The firstfrults are the leavened loaves which they bring [on the d]ay of 
the [firstfrults.] These are firstfrults: let no man eat new wheat ... until the 
day of the bread of the firstfrults has come ... 



Fr. 16 



... When a woman is given to a priest, stie [may eat] the food of her 
husband. [... One acquired by him for money and one born into his 
house, they] may eat his food. But a whore [and a profaned woman 
may not eat the consecrated food. And] every unfaithful deed which [a 



man] shall commit ... to eat, for It Is an abomination ... owner who is 
without redeemer ... 



Fr. 17 



On cases of incest ... No man shaii tal<e the w[ife of his father so as to 
uncover the sl<irt of his father. No man shaii tal<e] the daughter of his 
brother or the daughter of [his] si[ster]. No man shaii uncover the 
nai<edness of the sister of [his] mo[ther or of his father This is 
wicl<edness. A woman shaii not be given to the brother of] her father or 
to the brother of her mother ... A man shaii rrat uncover the nal<edness 
of ... A man shaii not give his daughter ... 



4QHalakhah B 



(4Q264a) 



Three fragments of a legal documerrt, the first of which partly overlaps 
with various sections of 4Q421, deal with Sabbath regulations. 
For the editio princeps, see J. M. Baumgarten, DJD, XXXV, 53-6. 



Fr. li 



I ... [No man shall revise the scro]!! of a book reading Its script on the 
day of [Sabbath] ... But they may read and study it. No man shall make 
plans with his mouth ... [on the day of Sabbath. He shall not taik] about 
any matter relating to work or wealth or ... on the day of Sabbath. He 
shall sp[eak no wojrd apart from speaking holy words as prescribed 
and from pronouncing blessings of God. He may talk about eating and 
drinkpng] ... 



4QTohorot (Purities) A 



(4Q274) 



This is tlie first of ten Cave 4 manuscripts dealing witli purity matters. 
Ttie text translated represents column I of the document and the first 
word of column II. 4Q274 deals with uncleanness caused by bodily 
fluxes and issues of blood and with the means of its removal. Parts of 
fr 3 are concerned with the uncleanness associated with the juice 
oozing out of fruit. 

For the editio princeps, see J. IVI. Baumgarten, DJD, XXXV, 99- 
109. 



Fr. li 



I ... [Let him not] begin to cast his lot. He shall lie on a bed of sorrow 
and sit in a seat of sighs. He shall dwell in isolation with all the unclean, 
and away from (food) purity at a distance of twelve cubits in the wing 
(assigned) to him (?) on the north-west of every dwelling-house 
according to this measure. Every man from among the unclean ... he 
shall bathe in water [on the seven]th d[ay] and wash his clothes, and 
afterwards he may eat. For this is what he said , He shall cry, Unclean, 
unclean (Lev. xiii, 45), as long as [the pla]gue af[fects him]. 

A woman with a seven-day issue of blood shall not touch a man with 
a flux, nor any vessel touched by a man who has a flux, nor anything he 
has lain or sat on. But if she has touched (them), she shall wash her 
garments and bathe, and afterwards she may eat. Above all, she shall 
not mingle (with the pure) [during] her seven days so that she may not 
pollute the c[amp]s of the Ho[ly] of Israel. Neither shall she touch any 
woman with a long-term issue of blood. And the person, either male or 



female, who counts (the seven days: cf. Lev. xv, 13) shall not touch the 
menstruant during her uncleanness. Only when she has purified herself 
[from] her [un]cleanness (may she be touched), for the blood of the 
menstruant Is reckoned as a flux for anyone who touches It. And If he 
has touched [bodily] f[luxor s]emen, h[e shall] be unclean. [And he who 
has toujched a man from among all these unclean persons during the 
seven days of [his] cleanspng] he shall [n]ot eat. If he has become 
unclean because of a corp[se, he shall bathe In wat]er, wash (his 
garments) and afterwards II he may e[at]. 



Fr. 2 i 



... when they sprinkle on him for the first time. He shall bathe and wash 
(his clothes) before [he eats. If it oc]curs for him on the seventh (day) 
on the Sabbath day, he shall not sprinkle on the Sabbath, for [He says: 
Keep] the Sabbath (Deut. v, 12). But he shall not touch anything pure 
until he has repeated it. All that touches semen be it a man or any 
vessel shall be immersed. And the bearer of it [shall immer]se. And the 
garment on which it (the semen) is and the vessel which carries it shall 
be immersed [in wate]r If there is a man in the camp who is unable to 
do this (lacks a spare garment), he shall bath[e and put on an]y 
garment which has not been touched by it (the semen) as long as it 
does not touch his bread (food). He who touches [his bed or] his [sea]t, 
if [his] gar[ment] has not touched it (the semen), [he shall bathe] in 
water But if [his garment has touched it (the bed or the seat)], he shall 
wash it (tfie garment). A man shall wash (his garment) with water for 
(eating) all consecrated food ... 



4Q274 3 i-ii 

I ... God uncovers the pupil of his eye, he shall read ... all their precepts 
... for he wfK) eats ... arxJ he is unclean ... [ifj (the fruit's) juice [has not 



oozed out, he shall eat It in purity, but all those] which have been 
squeezed so that their juice has oozed out, no man should eat them [if] 
an unclean man [has to]uchied them. [And aOso from the greens ... or 
ripe cucumber. Whoever has ... 

II ... and any (vessel) w/hich has a seal ... [shaii be unclean] for a 
cleaner man. Any green [that has no] moisture of dew/ [on it] may be 
eaten. And if It is n[ot eaten, let him put it] Into the midst of the water 
For if a man [w/ere to put it on] the ground, and [water] reached it when 
the rain [descended] on it. If an [unclean man] touches it, [let him not 
eat it] in the field by any means until the period [of his purification] ... 
Any earthen vessel which ... which is in its midst ... the liquid ... 



4QTohorot B^-B' 



(40276-7) 



These two fragments deal with the biblical law of the 'red heifer', the 
ashes of which were used for the preparation of the 'water for (the 
removal of) uncleanness' necessary for the cleansing of impurity 
resulting from contact with a dead body Relevant extracts from Num. 
xix are freely quoted. The subject is treated also in MMT B 1 3 (4Q394 
frs. 3-7 i, 1 6-20). The script dates to the late first century BCE. 

For Vneeditio princeps, see J. M. Baumgarten, DJD, XXXV, 111- 
19. 



4Q276 



[And the priest wears the garments] in which he is not ministering in 
the Sanctuary ... renders the garments guilty And he slaughtered [the] 
heifer before Him. He shall carry her blood in a clay vessel which is 
[not broughjt near tlie altar. ArKi with his finger lie shall sprinlde some 
of her blood seven [times towajrds the front of the tent of meeting. And 
he shall cast the cedanwood, [the hyssop and the scarlet ma]terial in 
the midst of her burning. [And he who bums (it)], a man who is clean of 
every corpse uncleanness, [shall wash his clothes and gather] up the 
ashes of the heifer [and shall de]posit them to be kept [by the children 
of Israel for the water for uncleanness, for the removal of sin. And] the 
priest shall put on ... 



4Q277 



The priest shall take the hyssop and ... The man cleansed from 
uncleanness (lasting until) the evening [shall gather the ashes of the 
heifer and give them to] the priest who atones with the blood of the 
heifer ... with [whi]ch they atone with the law of the [red heifer] ... in 
water [and he shall be un]clean until the evening. And he who carries 
the cauldron of the water for uncleanness shall be uncl[ean and shall 
wash himself In water and wash (his clothes)]. And [the] man [shall 
sprinkle] the water for uncleanness on those defiled by uncleanness, 
for a pure priest ... on them, fo[r he shall] atone for the unclean. No 
wanton man shall sprinkle on the unclean ... the water for uncleanness 
and he shall bring him to the water and shall purify him from corpse 
uncleanness.... [The pri]est shall scatter on them the water for 
uncleanness to purify [them] ... for they will indeed be purified and their 
flesh shall be p[ure] and anyone who touches [him] ... his flux ... and 
[his] h[ands] are not drenched in water His [b]ed and [his] dwelli[ng] 
shall be unclean ... they who touch his flux are like one who has 
touched the uncleanness of one who has touched (a corpse); [he will 
be unc]lean until the evening. And he who carries his [cOothes shall 
wash and shall be unclean until the evening. 



4Q Harvesting 



(4Q284a) 



Four fragments of a document have survived in a late Hasmonaean — 
early Herodian script (mid-first century BCE). They deal with matters of 
uncleanness affecting fruits. Only fr 1 is translatable. The phrase 
'liquids of the Congregation' links this fragment to IQS VI, 20, VII, 20. 
For the editio princeps, see J. M. Baumgarten, DJD, XXXV, 1 31 -3. 



Fr. 1 



... bask[et ... And let him no]t gather them ... may not touch the liquids of 
the Congregation, for these [render unclean the] basket and the figs 
[and the pomegranates, if] their ju[ice] oozes out wh[en he squeejzes 
them all and [a man] who has not been brou[ght into the C]ovenant has 
gathered them. And if they press [olives in the olive press], let him not 
pollute them in a[ny manjner by opening them until he pours [them into 
the press].... in purity... 



The Master's Exhortation to the Sons of Dawn 



(40298) 



Eight fragments of a manuscript which, apart from its title, is written in 
a cryptic alphabet, contain an exhortation to a group, designated as 
'sons of dawn' by the 'iVIaster' (maskil), the title of the teacher in 
charge of instruction in the Community (cf Community Rule). The 
phrase, 'sons of dawn' {bene ha-shahar) is possibly attested in the 
Damascus Document XIII, 14 (cf M. Broshi, The Damascus 
Document Reconsidered, Jerusalem, 1992, [35]: 'No member of the 
Covenant shall have any dealings with the sons of dawn except for 
payment'). The earlier reading was 'sons of the Pit' {bene ha-shahat). 
S. Pfann suggests that 'the sons of dawn' (not yet 'sons of light') are 
newcomers to the sect at the earliest stages of their initiation. The 
exhortation recalls the opening pages of the Damascus Document. 
The square script of the title is said to belong to the second half of the 
first century BCE. Parts of frs. 1-2 and 3-4 are large enough to be 
translated. 

For the editio princeps, see Stephen Pfann and IVI. Kister, DJD, XX, 
1-30. 



4Q298, frs. 1-2 i 



[Wor]d of the IVIaster which he spoke to all the sons of Dawn. Liste[n to 
me a]ll men of heart (=intelligence) and understand my word. [And 
seekejrs of righteousness, h[ea]r my word in all that proceeds from 
[my] lips. Those who [k]now have sear[ch]ed [th]ese (matters) and 
[have] returned [to the path] of life ... 



Frs- 3-4 ii 



... And now listen, [O wise men], and hear, O you with knowledge, hear. 
And men of understanding, ln[crease mighjt, and modesty, you who 
search judgement. [You who] kn[ow the way], increase strength, and 
men of truth, pursu[e righteousness], and you who love kindness, 
increase humility ... appointed time which ... you will understand the 
end of the ages and you will gaze at ancient things to know ... 



4Q Men Who Err 



(40306) 



Three small fragments allude to a group unfaithful to the Covenant (of 
Israel). The allusion to dogs recalls 4QMMT B 58-9. 
For the editio princeps, see T. LIm, DJD, XXXVI, 249-54. 



Fr. 1 



The outcasts (?) who stray and do not practise [the precept], for they 
transgress it [from day] to day from month to mon[th], all that is (in) the 
Covenant of l[srael].... its flesh and they spit ... and he will be angry. 
And the dogs will eat [the bones (coming) from the Temple]. He shall 
exclude the d[og]s from the (Temple) court ... 



Register of Rebukes 



(4Q477) 



Fragments of two columns of a document contain a list of Community 
members rebuked for offences against the rules. This Is the only scroll 
fragment which reveals the names of individual members: Yohanan 
son of Ar[ ], Hananlah Notos and Hananiah son of Slm[on]. According 
to the editor, Esther Eshel, the rebukes listed here were read out In 
public by the mebaqqer (or Guardian), hence the title given by her, The 
Rebukes Reported by the Overseer. To be more precise. It Is likely 
that the rebukes originated with witnesses of the offence. They 
reported It to the Guardian who was to record the infringement (cf. CD 
IX, 2-4; 1 6-20). The epithet Notos attached to the name of Hananlah 
probably means 'Southerner' In line with a parallel Masada Inscription 
(no. 462: Shim'on bar Notos) according to Y Yadin and J. Naveh, 
Masada I (Jerusalem, 1989), 40. D. Flusser, as quoted by Eshel, 
associates Notos with the Greek nothos (bastard). In col. II, 1 . 8, Eshel, 
following M. BroshI, reads shyr(=sh'r) bsrw(\.e. near kin); R. Elsenman 
and M. Wise have shpk bsrw (emission of his body) and J. M. 
Baumgarten {JJS 45 (1994), 277) swi tefw(the carnal foundation of 
man). 

Frs. 1 , 2 i and 3: the text Is too fragmentary for translation. Note the 
significant phrases '[to] recall their transgression', 'men of the 
[Community?]', 'to rebuke' and ['c]amps of the Congregation' and 'they 
rebuked'. 

For the editio princeps, see E. Eshel, DJD, XXXVI, 474-83. 



Fr. 2 



II ... who ... [wh]o acted wickedly ... the Congregation ... Yohanan son of 
Ar ... [they rebuked because] he was short-tempered ... with him ... the 
iniquity with him and also the spirit of pride was with [him] ... vacat 
They rebuked Hananlah Notes because he ... [to dis]turb the spirit of 
the Communi[ty ... and] also to mingle the ... they rebu[k]ed because 
evil ... was with him and also because he was not ... and also because 
he loved his bodily nature (or: showed preference to his near kin) ... 
[blank] And [they rebuked] Hananlah son of Sim[on] [because he] ... 
and he also loves the goodness ... 



Remonstrances (before Conversion?) 



(40471^) 



This small fragment, written in Herodian script, contains reproofs 
addressed in the second person plural to a group of wicked Jews. The 
context is that of a war. It is unlikely to belong to the War Scroll or the 
Book of War as neither of these includes speeches to outsiders. 
According to a conjecture proposed by the editors, the opponents of 
the sect thus criticized are the ruling class of Judaea (Hasmonaeans 
and perhaps also Sadducees), but nothing In the surviving text 
positively supports their cautiously presented surmise. However, the 
second half of the fragment can be Interpreted In a positive sense, in 
which case the scene may be a last-minute mass conversion of 
unfaithful Jews before the final battle. 

For the editio princeps, see Esther Eshel and Menahem Kister, 
DJD, XXXVI, 446-9. 

... time(?) you have commanded not to ... You have been unfaithful to 
His covenant ... [You] said: Let us fight His wars for He has redeemed 
us ... Your [mighty men] shall be humbled. And they did not know that 
He has despised ... you shall show yourselves mighty in war. And you 
have been reckoned ... by His measuring line(?). You shall seek 
righteous judgement and the work ... you shall exalt yourselves. And He 
has chosen t[hem] ... for a cry ... And you will return ... sweet 



B. Hymns and Poems 




'Thanksgiving Scroll', 
The Shrine of the Book, 
Israel Museum, Jerusalem 



The Thanksgiving hlymns 



(IQH, IQ36, 40427-32) 



The Hymns Scroll was published by E. L. Sukenik in 1954-5 (The 
Dead Sea Scrolls of the Hebrew University, Jerusalem). It has 
suffered a good deal of deterioration and the translator has difficulty, 
not only in making sense of the poems, but also in determining where 
one ends and another begins. For a method of restoration of the 
Hymns, see E. Puech, 'Quelques aspects de la restauration du 
Rouleau des Hymnes', JJS 39 (1988), 38-55. He has convincingly 
argued that apart from some fragments, the first three columns of the 
original Hymns Scroll are lost. The missing beginning should be 
followed by the existing columns in the following order: XVII (sheet 1), 
XIII-XVI (sheet 2), l-IV (sheet 3), V-VIII (sheet 4) and IX-XII of the editio 
princeps. Four further columns (XXI-XXIV) may be reconstructed with 
the help of the former col. XVIII and various fragments published by 
Sukenik. Puech tentatively suggests also two further columns (XXV- 
XXVI) made up from other fragments. 

Our presentation of the Hymns Is now rearranged according to 
Puech's thesis and his reconstruction of the poem In col. VI (formerly 
XIV) is also adopted (cf art. cit., 53-4). No translation Is offered for the 
extremely fragmentary cols. XXIV-XXVI, though it should be noted that 
col. XXV includes the beginning of a new poem, 'For the Master A 
s[ong (?)]' from IQH, fr 8. Further fragments, occasionally used to 
improve the reading of IQH, may be found at IQ35 (cf also IQ36 and 
37-40; see DJD, I, 136-43) and 40427-32; for the latter, see Eileen 
Schuller, DJD, XXIX, 69-232. 

The poems contained In the Scroll are similar to the biblical Psalms. 
They are mostly hymns of thanksgiving, individual prayers as opposed 
to those intended for communal worship, expressing a rich variety of 
spiritual and doctrinal detail. But the two fundamental themes running 



through the whole collection are those of salvation and krowledge. The 
sectary thanks God continually for having been saved from the 'lot' of 
the wicked, arKi for his gift of insight into the divine mysteries. He, a 
'creature of clay, has been singled out by his Maker to receive favours 
of which he feels himself unworthy and he alludes again and again to 
his frailty and total dependence on God. Whereas some of the Hymns 
give expression to thoughts and sentiments common to all the 
members of the sect, others, particularly nos. 1,2, and 7-11 , appear to 
refer to the experiences of a teactier abandoned by his friends and 
persecuted by his enemies. Several scholars tend to ascribe the 
authorship of these to the Teacher of Righteousness, and even 
consider that he may be responsible for all the Hymns. But although 
this hypothesis is not impossible, no sure conclusion can yet be 
reached. Nor are we in a position to date any particular composition. 
The most we can say is that the collection as such probably attained its 
final shape during the last pre-Christian century. 

Philo's account of the banquet celebrated by the contemplative 
Essenes, or Therapeutae, on the Feast of Pentecost may indicate the 
use to which the Hymns were put. He reports that when the President 
of the meeting had ended his commentary on the Scriptures, he rose 
and chanted a hymn, either one of his own making or an old one, and 
after him each of his brethren did likewise {The Contemplative Life, § 
80). Similarly it is probable that the psalms of this Scroll were recited 
by the Guardian and newly initiated members at the Feast of the 
Renewal of the Covenant. Hymn 4 (formeriy 21 ) expressly refers to the 
oath of the Covenant, and Hymn 5 (formerly 22) appears to be a poetic 
commentary on the liturgy marking the entry into the Community 
Indeed, the relative poverty of principal themes may be due to the fact 
that all this poetry was intended for a special occasion and its 
inspirational scope was thereby limited. 

Cols. I-III are missing. 



IV (formerly XVII).. 



Hymn I (formerly 23) 



As Thou hast said by the hand of Moses, 
Thou forgivest transgression, iniquity, and sin, 
and pardonest rebellion and unfaithfulness. 

For the bases of the mountains shall melt 
and fire shall consume the deep places of Hell, 
but Thou wilt deliver 

all those that are corrected by Thy judgements, 

that they may serve Thee faithfully 

and that their seed may be before Thee for ever. 

Thou wilt keep Thine oath 

and wilt pardon their transgression; 

Thou wilt cast away all their sins. 

Thou wilt cause them to inherit all the glory of Adam 
and abundance of days. 

Hymn 2 (formerly 24) 

[I give Thee thanks] 

because of the spirits which Thou hast given to me! 

I [will bring forth] a reply of the tongue 

to recount Thy righteous deeds, 

and the forbearance ... 

and the works of Thy mighty right hand, 

and [the pardon] of the sins of the forefathers. 

[I will bow down] and implore Thy mercy 

[on my sins and wicked] deeds, 

and on the perversity of [my heart], 

for I have wallowed in uncleanness, 

and have [turned aside] from the counsel [of Thy truth] 

and I have not laboured ... 

[For] Thine, Thine is righteousness. 



and an everlasting blessing be upon Thy Name! 

[According to] Thy righteousness, 

let [Thy servant] be redeemed 

[and] the wicl<ed be brought to an end. 

For I have understood that [it is Thou 

who dost establish] the path of whomsoever Thou choosest; 

Thou dost hedge him in with [true] discernment 

that he may not sin against Thee, 

and that his humility [may bear fruit] 

through Thy chastisement. 

[Thou dost purify] his heart in [Thy trials]. 

[Preserve] Thy servant, [O God], lest he sin against Thee, 

or stagger aside from any word of Thy will. 

Strengthen the [loins of Thy servant 

that he may] resist the spirits [of falsehood, 

that] he may walk in all that Thou lovest, 

and despise all that Thou loathest, 

[that he may do] that which is good in Thine eyes. 
[Destroy] their [dominion] in my bowels, 
for [within] Thy servant is a spirit of [flesh]. 

Hymn 3 (formerly 25) 

[I thank Thee, O Lord, 

for] Thou didst shed [Thy] Holy Spirit upon Thy Servant 
V (formerly XIII) 

All these things [Thou didst establish in Thy wisdom. 

Thou didst appoint] all Thy works 

before ever creating them: 

the host of Thy spirits 

and the Congregation [of Thy Holy Ones, 

the heavens and all] their hosts 

and the earth and all it brings forth. 

In the seas and deeps ... 



... and an everlasting task; 

for Thou hast established them from before eternity. 

And the work of ... 

and they shall recount Thy glory 

throughout all Thy dominion 

For Thou hast shown them that 

which they had not [seen 

by removing all] ancient things 

and creating new ones, 

by breaking asunder things anciently established, 

and raising up the things of eternity. 

For [Thou art from the beginning] 

and Shalt endure for ages without end. 

And Thou hast [appointed] all these things 

inthe mysteries of Thy wisdom 

to make known Thy glory [to all]. 

[But what is] the spirit of flesh 
that it should understand all this, 
and that it should comprehend 

the great [design of Thy wisdom]? 

What is he that is born of woman 

in the midst of all Thy terrible [works]? 

He is but an edifice of dust, 

and a thing kneaded with water, 

whose beginning [is sinful iniquity], 

and shameful nakedness, 

[and a fount of uncleanness], 

and over whom a spirit of straying rules. 

If he is wicked he shall become [a sign for] ever, 

and a wonder to (every) generation, 

[and an object of horror to all] flesh. 

By Thy goodness alone is man righteous, 



and with Thy many mercies [Thou strengthenest him]. 

Thou wiit adom him with Thy spiendour 

and wilt [cause him to reign amid] many deiights 

with everlasting peace and length of days. 

[For Thou hast spoken], 

and Thou wilt not take back Thy word. 

And I, Thy servant, 

I know by the spirit which Thou hast given to me 
[that Thy wonds are truth], 
and that all Thy works are righteousness, 
and that Thou wi It not take back Thy word 
VI (formerly XIV) 

Hymn 4 (formerly 21) 

[Blessed art Thou,] O Lord 

who hast given understanding 

to the heart of [Thy] servant 

that he may understand all these things 

and resist [the works] of wickedness 

and bless justly all those who choose Thy will, 

[and that he may love all] that Thou lovest 

and loathe all that Thou [hatest]. 

Thou Shalt instruct Thy servant 

... [spi]rits of man 

for Thou hast cast their (lot) according to the spirits 

between good and evil 

to accomplish their task. 

And I know through the understanding 

which comes from Thee, 

that in Thy goodwill towards m[a]n 

[Thou hast] increa[sed his inheritance] in Thy Holy Spirit 

and thus Thou hast drawn me near to understanding of Thee. 

And the closer I approach, 

the more am I filled with zeal 



against all the workers of Iniquity 
and the men of deceit. 

For none of those who approach Thee 

rebels against Thy command, 

nor do any of those who know Thee 

alter Thy words; 

for Thou art righteous, 

and all Thine elect are truth. 

Thou wilt blot out all Injustice and wickedness for ever, 
and Thy righteousness shall be revealed 
before the eyes of all Thy creatures. 

I know through Thy great goodness; 
and with an oath I have undertaken 
never to sin against Thee, 
nor to do anything evil In Thine eyes. 
And thus do I bring Into community 
all the men of my Council. 

I will cause each man to draw near 

In accordance with his understanding, 

and according to the greatness of his Inheritance, 

so will I love him. 

I will not honour an evil man, 

nor consider [the bribes of shame]; 

I will [not] barter Thy truth for riches, 

nor one of Thy precepts for bribes. 

But [I will lo]ve [each ma]n 

according to his sp[eech](?) 

and according as Thou removest him far from Thee, 

so will I hate him; 

and none of those who have turned [from] Thy [Co]venant 
will I bring Into the Council [of Thy] t[ruth]. 



Hymn 5 (formerly 22) 



[I thank] Thee, O Lord, 

as befits the greatness of Thy power 

and the multitude of Thy marvels for ever and ever. 

[Thou art a merciful God] and rich in [favours], 

pardoning those who repent of their sin 

and visiting the iniquity of the wicked. 

[Thou delightest in] the free-will offering [of the righteous] 

but iniquity Thou hatest always. 

Thou hast favoured me. Thy servant, 

with a spirit of knowledge, 

[that I may choose] truth [and goodness] 

and loathe all the ways of iniquity. 

And I have loved Thee freely 

and with all my heart; 

[contemplating the mysteries of] Thy wisdom 

[I have sought Thee]. 

For this is from Thy hand 

and [nothing is done] without [Thy will]. 

VII (formerly XV) 

I have loved Thee freely 

and with all my heart and soul 

I have purified... 

[that I might not] turn aside from any of Thy commands. 

I have clung to the Congregation... 

that I might not be separated from any of Thy laws. 

I know through the understanding which comes from Thee 

that righteousness is not in a hand of flesh, 

[that] man [is not master of] his way 

and that it is not in mortals to direct their step. 

I know that the inclination of every spirit 

[is in Thy hand]; 

Thou didst establish [all] its [ways] before ever creating it, 
and how can any man change Thy words? 



Thou alone didst [create] the just 

and establish him from the womb 

for the time of goodwill, 

that he might hearken to Thy Covenant 

and walk in all (Thy ways), 

and that [Thou mightest show Thyself great] to him 

in the multitude of Thy mercies, 

and enlarge his straitened soul to eternal salvation, 

to perpetual and unfailing peace. 

Thou wilt raise up his glory 

from among flesh. 

But the wicked Thou didst create 

for [the time] of Thy [wrath], 

Thou didst vow them from the womb 

to the Day of IVIassacre, 

for they walk in the way which is not good. 

They have despised [Thy Covenant] 

and their souls have loathed Thy [truth]; 

they have taken no delight in all Thy commandments 

and have chosen that which Thou hatest. 

[For according to the mysteries] of Thy [wisdom]. 
Thou hast ordained them for great chastisements 
before the eyes of all Thy creatures, 
that [for all] eternity 

they may serve as a sign [and a wonder], 
and that [all men] may know Thy glory 
and Thy tremendous power. 

But what is flesh 

that it should understand [these things]? 

And how should [a creature of] dust direct his steps? 

It is Thou who didst shape the spirit 

and establish its work [from the beginning]; 

the way of all the living proceeds from Thee. 



I know that no riches equal Thy truth, 

and [have therefore desired 

to enter the Council of] Thy holiness. 

I know that Thou hast chosen them before all others 

and that they shall serve Thee for ever. 

Thou wilt [take no bribe for the deeds of iniquity], 

nor ransom for the works of wickedness; 

for Thou art a God of truth 

and [wilt destroy] all iniquity [for ever, 

and] no [wickedness] shall exist before Thee. 

VIII (formerly XVI) 

Because I know all these things 

my tongue shall utter a reply. 

Bowing down and [confessing all] my transgressions, 

I will seek [Thy] spirit [of knowledge]; 

cleaving to Thy spirit of [holiness], 

I will hold fast to the truth of Thy Covenant, 

that [I may serve] Thee in truth and wholeness of heart, 

and that I may love [Thy Name]. 

Blessed art Thou, O Lord, 

IVIaker [of all things and mighty in] deeds: 

all things are Thy work! 

Behold, Thou art pleased to favour [Thy servant], 

and hast graced me with Thy spirit of mercy 

and [with the radiance] of Thy glory. 

Thine, Thine is righteousness, 

for it is Thou who hast done all [these things]! 

I know that Thou hast marked the spirit of the just, 

and therefore I have chosen to keep my hands clean 

in accordance with [Thy] will: 

the soul of Thy servant [has loathed] 

every work of iniquity. 

And I know that man is not righteous 



except through Thee, 

and therefore I implore Thee 

by the spirit which Thou hast given [me] 

to perfect Thy [faxADurs] to Thy servant [for ever], 

purifying me by Thy Hoiy Spirit, 

and drawing me near to Thee by Thy grace 

according to the abundance of Thy mercies 

[Grant me] the piace [of Thy ioving-l<indness] 

which [Thou hast] chosen for them that iove Thee 

and i<eep [Thy commandments, 

that they may stand] in Thy presence [for] ever. 

Let no scourge [come] near him 

iest he stagger aside from the iaws of Thy Covenant. 

i [l<now, O Lord, 

that Thou art mercifui] and compassionate, 

[iong]-suffering and [rich] in grace and truth, 

pardoning transgression [and sin]. 

Thou repentest of [evii against them that iove Thee] 

and l<eep [Thy] commandments, 

[that] return to Thee with faith 

and wholeness of heart 

... to serve Thee 

[and to do that which is] good in Thine eyes. 
Reject not the face of Thy servant 

Hymn 6 (formerly I) 

IX (formerly I) 

Thou art long-suffering in Thy judgements 
and righteous in all Thy deeds. 

By Thy wisdom [all things exist from] eternity, 

and before creating them Thou knewest their works 

for ever and ever. 

[Nothing] is done [without Thee] 

and nothing is known unless Thou desire it. 



Thou hast created all the spirits 

[and hast established a statute] and law 

for all their works. 

Thou hast spread the heavens for Thy glory 

and hast [appointed] all [their hosts] 

according to Thy will; 

the mighty winds according to their laws 

before they became angels [of holiness] 

... and eternal spirits In their dominions; 

the heavenly lights to their mysteries, 

the stars to their paths, 

[the clouds] to their tasks, 

the thunderbolts and lightnings to their duty, 

and the perfect treasuries (of snow and hall) 

to their purposes, 

...to their mysteries. 

Thou hast created the earth by Thy power 
and the seas and deeps [by Thy might]. 
Thou hast fashioned [all] their [lnhabl]tants 
according to Thy wisdom, 
and hast appointed all that Is In them 
according to Thy will. 

[And] to the spirit of man 

which Thou hast formed In the worid, 

[Thou hast given dominion over the works of Thy hands] 

foreveriasting days and unending generations. 

... In their ages 

Thou hast allotted to them tasks 
during all their generations, 
and judgement In their appointed seasons 
according to the rule [of the two spirits. 
For Thou hast established their ways] 
for ever and ever. 



[and hast ordained from eternity] 

tlieir visitation for reward and chastisements; 

Thou hast aiiotted it to aii their seed 

for eternai generations and everiasting years... 

In the wisdom of Thy l<nowiedge 

Thou didst estabiish their destiny before ever they were. 
Aii things [exist] according to [Thy wiii] 
and without Thee nothing is done. 

These things I i<now 
by the wisdom which comes from Thee, 
for Thou hast unstopped my ears 
to marveiious mysteries. 

And yet i, a shape of ciay 

l<neaded in water, 

a ground of shame 

and a source of poiiution, 

a meiting-potof wicl<edness 

and an edifice of sin, 

a straying and perverted spirit 

of no understanding, 

fearfui of righteous judgements, 

what can i say that is not forel<nown, 

and what can i utter that is not foretoid? 

Aii things are graven before Thee 

on a written Reminder 

for everiasting ages, 

and for the numbered cycies 

of the eternai years 

in aii their seasons; 

they are not hidden or absent from Thee. 

What shaii a man say 
concerning his sin? 



And how shall he plead 

concerning his Iniquities? 

And how shall he reply 

to righteous judgement? 

For Thine, O God of knowledge, 

are all righteous deeds 

and the counsel of truth; 

but to the sons of men Is the work of Iniquity 

and deeds of deceit. 

It Is Thou who hast created breath for the tongue 

and Thou knowest Its words; 

Thou didst establish the fruit of the Hps 

before ever they were. 

Thou dost set words to measure 

and the flow of breath from the Hps to metre. 

Thou bringest forth sounds 

according to their mysteries, 

and the flow of breath from the Hps 

according to Its reckoning, 

that they may tell of Thy glory 

and recount Thy wonders 

In all Thy works of truth 

and [In all Thy] righteous Oudgements]; 

and that Thy Name be praised 

by the mouth of all men, 

and that they may know Thee 

according to their understanding 

and bless Thee for ever. 

By Thy mercies and by Thy great goodness, 

Thou hast strengthened the spirit of man 

In the face of the scourge, 

and hast purified [the erring spirit] 

of a multitude of sins, 

that It may declare Thy marvels 



in the presence of all Thy creatures. 

[I wi II declare to the assembly of the si mple] 

the judgements by which I was scourged, 

and to the sons of men, all Thy wonders 

by which Thou hast shown Thyself mighty [In me 

In the presence of the sons of Adam]. 

Hear, O you wise men, and meditate on knowledge; 

O you fearful, be steadfast! 

Increase In prudence, [O all you simple]; 

O just men, put away Iniquity! 

Hold fast [to the Covenant], 

0 all you perfect of way; 

[O all you afflicted with] misery, 

be patient and despise no righteous judgement! 

[but the foojilsh of heart 

shall not comprehend these things 

X (formerly II) 

Upon my [unclrcumclsed] Hps 

Thou hast laid a reply. 

Thou hast upheld my soul, 

strengthening my loins and restoring my power; 

my foot has stood in the realm of ungodliness. 

1 have been a snare to those who rebel, 
but healing to those of them who repent, 
prudence to the simple, 

and steadfastness to the fearful of heart. 

To traitors Thou hast made of me 

a mockery and scorn, 

but a counsel of truth and understanding 

to the upright of way. 

I have been iniquity for the wicked, 

ill-repute on the lips of the fierce, 

the scoffers have gnashed their teeth. 

I have been a byword to traitors. 



the assembly of the wicked has raged against me; 

they have roared iil<e turbuient seas 

and their towering waves have spat out mud and siime. 

But to the eiect of righteousness 

Thou hast made me a banner, 

and a discerning interpreter of wonderful mysteries, 

to try [those who practise] truth 

and to test those who love correction. 

To the interpreters of error I have been an opponent, 

[but a man of peace] to all those who see true things. 

To all those who seek smooth things 

I have been a spi rit of zeal; 

like the sound of the roaring of many waters 

so have [all] the deceivers thundered against me; 

[all] their thoughts were devilish [schemings]. 

They have cast towards the Pit the life of the man 
whose mouth Thou hast confirmed, 
and into whose heart 

Thou hast put teaching and understanding, 
that he might open a fountain of knowledge 
to all men of insight. 

They have exchanged them for lips of uncircumcision, 

and for the foreign tongue 

of a people without understanding, 

that they might come to ruin in their straying. 

Hymn 7 (formerly 2) 

I thank Thee, O Lord, 
for Thou hast placed my soul 
in the bundle of the living, 
and hast hedged me about 
against all the snares of the Pit. 

Violent men have sought after my life 



because I have clung to Thy Covenant. 

For they, an assembly of deceit, 

and a horde of Belial, 

know not that my stand 

Is maintained by Thee, 

and that In Thy mercy Thou wilt save my soul 

since my steps proceed from Thee. 

From Thee It Is 

that they assail my life, 

that Thou mayest be glorified 

by the judgement of the wicked , 

and manifest Thy might through me 

In the presence of the sons of men; 

for It Is by Thy mercy that I stand. 

And I said, Mighty men 

have pitched their camps against me, 

and have encompassed me 

with all their weapons of war. 

They have let fly arrows 

against which there Is no cure, 

and the flame of (their) javelins 

Is like a consuming fire among trees. 

The clamour of their shouting 

Is like the bellowing of many waters, 

like a storm of destruction 

devouring a multitude of men; 

as their waves rear up, 

Naught and Vanity spout upward to the stars. 

But although my heart melted like water, 

my soul held fast to Thy Covenant, 

and the net which they spread for me 

has taken their own foot; 

they have themselves fallen 

Into the snares which they laid for my life. 



But my foot remains upon level ground; 

apart from their assembly I will bless Thy Name. 

Hymn 8 (formerly 3) 

I thank Thee, O Lond, 

for Thou hast [fastened] Thine eye upon me. 

Thou hast saved me from the zeal 

of lying Interpreters, 

and from the congregation of those 

who seek smooth things. 

Thou hast redeemed the soul of the poor one 

whom they planned to destroy 

by spilling his blood because he served Thee. 

Because [they knew not] 

that my steps were directed by Thee, 

they made me an object of shame and derision 

In the mouth of all the seekers of falsehood. 

But Thou, O my God, hast succoured 

the soul of the poor and the needy 

against one stronger than he; 

Thou hast redeemed my soul 

from the hand of the mighty. 

Thou hast not permitted their Insults to dismay me 

so that I forsook Thy service 

for fear of the wickedness of the [ungodly], 

or bartered my steadfast heart for folly 

Hymn 9(formerly 4) 

XI (formerly III) 

They caused [me] to be 

like a ship on the deeps of the [sea], 

and like a fortified city 

before [the aggressor], 



[and] like a woman in travaii 
Willi her first-born child, 
upon whose belly pangs have come 
and grievous pains, 

filling with anguish her child-bearing crucible. 

For the children have come to the throes of Death, 

and she labours in her pains who bears a man. 

For amid the throes of Death 

she shall bring forth a man-child, 

and amid the pains of Hell 

there shall spring from her child-bearing crucible 

a Marvellous Mighty Counsellor; 

and a man shall be delivered from out of the throes. 

When he is conceived 

all wombs shall quicken, 

and the time of their delivery 

shall be in grievous pains; 

they shall be appalled 

who are with child. 

And when he is brought forth 

every pang shall come upon the child-bearing crucible. 

And they, the conceivers of Vanity, 
shall be prey to terrible anguish; 
the wombs of the Pit 
shall be prey to all the works of horror. 

The foundations of the wall shall rock 

like a ship upon the face of the waters; 

the heavens shall roar 

with a noise of roaring, 

and those who dwell in the dust, 

as well as those who sail the seas, 

shall be appalled by the roaring of the waters. 



All their wise men 

shall be like sailors on the deeps, 

for all their wisdom shall be swallowed up 

In the midst of the howling seas. 

As the Abysses boll 

above the fountains of the waters, 

the towering waves and billows shall rage 

with the voice of their roaring; 

and as they rage, 

[Hell and Abaddon] shall open 

[and all] the flying arrows of the Pit 

shall send out their voice to the Abyss. 

And the gates [of Hell] shall open 
[on all] the works of Vanity; 
and the doors of the Pit shall close 
on the concelvers of wickedness; 
and the everlasting bars shall be bolted 
on all the spirits of Naught. 

Hymn 10 (formerly 5) 

I thank Thee, O Lord, 

for Thou hast redeemed my soul from the Pit, 

and from the hell of Abaddon 

Thou hast raised me up to everlasting height. 

I walk on limitless level ground, 

and I know there Is hope for him 

whom Thou hast shaped from dust 

for the everlasting Council. 

Thou hast cleansed a perverse spirit of great sin 

that It may stand with the host of the Holy Ones, 

and that It may enter Into community 

with the congregation of the Sons of Heaven. 



Thou hast allotted to man an everlasting destiny 
amidst the spirits of knowledge, 
that he may praise Thy Name In a common rejoicing 
and recount Thy marvels before all Thy works. 

And yet I, a creature of clay, 

what am I? 

Kneaded with water, 

what Is my worth and my might? 

For I have stood In the realm of wickedness 

and my lot was with the damned; 

the soul of the poor one was carried away 

In the midst of great tribulation. 

Miseries of torment dogged my steps 

while all the snares of the Pit were opened 

and the lures of wickedness were set up 

and the nets of the damned (were spread) on the waters; 

while all the arrows of the Pit 

flew out without cease, 

and, striking, left no hope; 

while the rope beat down In judgement 

and a destiny of wrath (fell) upon the abandoned 

and a venting of fury upon the cunning. 

It was a time of the wrath of all Belial 

and the bonds of death tightened without any escape. 

The torrents of Belial shall reach 

to all sides of the world. 

In all their channels 

a consuming fire shall destroy 

every tree, green and barren, on their banks; 

unto the end of their courses 

It shall scourge with flames of fire, 

and shall consume the foundations of the earth 

and the expanse of dry land. 

The bases of the mountains shall blaze 



and the roots of the rocks shall turn 
to torrents of pitch; 

It shall devour as far as the great Abyss. 

The torrents of Belial shall break Into Abaddon, 

and the deeps of the Abyss shall groan 

amid the roar of heaving mud. 

The land shall cry out because of the calamity 

fallen upon the world, 

and all its deeps shall howl. 

And all those upon it shall rave 

and shall perish amid the great misfortune. 

For God shall sound His mighty voice, 

and His holy abode shall thunder 

with the truth of His glory. 

The heavenly hosts shall cry out 

and the world's foundations 

shall stagger and sway. 

The war of the heavenly warriors shall scourge the earth; 
and it shall not end before the appointed destruction 
which shall be for ever and without compare. 



I thank Thee, O Lord, 
for Thou art as a fortified wall to me, 
and as an iron bar against all destroyers 
Thou hast set my feet upon rock... 
that I may walk in the way of eternity 
and in the paths which Thou hast chosen 
XII (formerly IV) 



I thank Thee, O Lord, 

for Thou hast 1 llumi ned my face by Thy Covenant, 



Hymn 11 (formerly 



6) 



Hymn 12 (formerly 



7) 



I seek Thee, 

and sure as the dawn 

Thou appearest as [perfect Light] to me. 

Teachers of lies [have smoothed] Thy peopie [with words], 

and [faise prophets] have led them astray, 

they perish without understanding 

for their works are in folly. 

For I am despised by them 

and they have no esteem for me 

that Thou mayest manifest Thy might through me. 

They have banished me from my land like a bird from its nest; 

all my friends and brethren are driven far from me 

and hold me for a broken vessel. 

And they, teachers of lies and seers of falsehood, 

have schemed against me a devilish scheme, 

to exchange the Law engraved on my heart by Thee 

for the smooth things (which they speak) to Thy people. 

And they withhold from the thirsty the drink of Knowledge, 

and assuage their thirst with vinegar, 

that they may gaze on their straying, 

on their folly concerning their feast-days, 

on their fall into their snares. 

But Thou, O God, 
dost despise all Belial's designs; 
it is Thy purpose that shall be done 
and the design of Thy heart 
that shall be established for ever. 

As for them, they dissemble, 

they plan devilish schemes. 

They seek Thee with a double heart 

and are not confirmed in Thy truth 

A root bearing poisoned and bitter fruit 

is in their designs; 



they walk in stubbornness of heart 
and seek Thee among idols, 
and they set before themselves 
the stumbling-block of their sin. 

They come to inquire of Thee 

from the mouth of lying prophets deceived by error 

who speak [with strange] lips to Thy people, 

and an alien tongue, 

that they may cunni ng ly turn 

all their works to folly. 

For [they hearken] not [to] Thy [voice], 

nor do they give ear to Thy word; 

of the vision of knowledge they say, ' It is unsure' , 

and of the way of Thy heart, ' It is not (the way)' . 

But Thou, O God, wilt reply to them, 

chastising them in Thy might 

because of their idols 

and because of the multitude of their sins, 

that they who have turned aside from Thy Covenant 

may be caught in their own designs. 

Thou wilt destroy in Judgement 

all men of lies, 

and there shall be no more seers of error; 

for in Thy works is no folly, 

no guile in the design of Thy heart. 

But those who please Thee 

shall stand before Thee for ever; 

those who walk in the way of Thy heart 

shall be established for evermore. 

Clinging to Thee, I will stand. 
I will rise against those who despise me 
and my hand shall be turned 
against those who deride me; 



for they have no esteem for me 
[that Thou mayest] manifest Thy might through me. 
Thou hast reveaied Thyseif to me in Thy power 
as perfect Light, 

and Thou hast not covered my face with shame. 
All those who are gathered in Thy Covenant 
inquire of me, 

and they hearken to me who walk in the way of Thy heart, 
who array themselves for Thee 
in the Council of the holy. 

Thou wilt cause their law to endure for ever 

and truth to go forward unhindered, 

and Thou wilt not allow them to be led astray 

by the hand of the damned 

when they plot against them. 

Thou wilt put the fear of them into Thy people 

and (wilt make of them) a hammer 

to all the peoples of the lands, 

that at the Judgement they may cut off 

all those who transgress Thy word. 

Through me Thou hast illumined 

the face of the Congregation 

and hast shown Thine infinite power. 

For Thou hast given me knowledge 

through Thy marvellous mysteries, 

and hast shown Thyself mighty within me 

in the midst of Thy marvellous Council. 

Thou hast done wonders before the Congregation 

for the sake of Thy glory, 

that they may make known Thy mighty deeds to all the living. 

But what is flesh (to be worthy) of this? 

What is a creature of clay 

for such great marvels to be done, 



whereas he is in iniquity from the womb 

and in guiity unfaithfuiness until his oid age? 

Righteousness, I i<now, is not of man, 

nor is perfection of way of the son of man: 

to the iVIost High God beiong aii righteous deeds. 

The way of man is not estabiished 

except by the spirit which God created for him 

to mal<e perfect a way for the children of men, 

that aii His creatures may l<now 

the might of His power, 

and the abundance of His mercies 

towards aii the sons of His grace. 

As for me, shal<ing and trembling seize me 

and all my bones are broken; 

my heart dissolves like wax before fire 

and my knees are like water 

pouring down a steep place. 

For I remember my sins 

and the unfaithfulness of my fathers. 

When the wicked rose against Thy Covenant 

and the damned against Thy word, 

I said in my sinfulness, 

'I am forsaken by Thy Covenant.' 

But calling to mind the might of Thy hand 

and the greatness of Thy compassion, 

I rose and stood, 

and my spirit was established 

in face of the scourge. 

I lean on Thy grace 
and on the multitude of Thy mercies, 
for Thou wilt pardon iniquity, 
and through Thy righteousness 
[Thou wilt purify man] of his sin. 
Not for his sake wilt Thou do it. 



[but for the sake of Thy glory]. 

For Thou hast created the just and the wicked 

XIII (formerly V) 

Hymn 13 (formerly 8) 

I thank Thee, O Lord, 

for Thou hast not abandoned me 

whilst I sojourned among a people [burdened with sin]. 

[Thou hast not] judged me 

according to my guilt, 

nor hast Thou abandoned me 

because of the designs of my Inclination; 

but Thou hast saved my life from the Pit. 

Thou hast brought [Thy servant deliverance] 

In the midst of Hons destined for the guilty, 

and of lionesses which crush the bones of the mighty 

and drink the blood of the brave. 

Thou hast caused me to dwell with the many fishers 

who spread a net upon the face of the waters, 

and with the hunters of the children of Iniquity, 

Thou hast established me there for justice. 

Thou hast confirmed the counsel of truth In my heart 

and the waters of the Covenant for those who seek It. 

Thou hast closed up the mouth of the young Hons 

whose teeth are like a sword, 

and whose great teeth are like a pointed spear, 

like the venom of dragons. 

All their design Is for robbery 

and they have lain In wait; 

but they have not opened their mouth against me. 

For Thou, O God, hast sheltered me 
from the children of men. 



and hast hidden Thy Law [within me] 

against the time when Thou shouidst reveai 

Tiny saivation to me. 

For Thou hast not forsal<en me 

in my soul's distress, 

and Thou hast heard my cry 

in the bitterness of my soui; 

and when I groaned, 

Thou didst consider my sorrowfui compiaint. 
Thou hast preserved the soui of the poor one 
in the den of iions 

which sharpened their tongue iil<e a sword. 
Thou hast ciosed up their teeth, O God, 
iest they rend the soui of the poor and needy. 
Thou hast made their tongue go bacl< 
iil<e a sword to its scabbard 
[iest] the soui of Thy servant [be biotted out]. 

Thou hast deait wondrousiy with the poor one 
to manifest Thy might within me 
in the presence of the sons of men. 

Thou hast piaced him in the meiting-pot, 

[iil<e goid] in the fire, 

and iil<e siiver refined 

in the meiting-pot of the smeiters, 

to be purified seven times. 

The wicl<ed and fierce have stormed against me 

with their afflictions; 

they have pounded my soui aii day. 

But Thou, O my God, 

hast changed the tempest to a breeze; 

Thou hast delivered the soui of the poor one 

iil<e [a bird from the net 

and iil<e] prey from the mouth of iions. 



Hymn 14 (formerly 9) 



I thank Thee (corrected: Blessed art Thou) O Lord, 

for Thou hast not abandoned the fatherless 

or despised the poor. 

For Thy might [is boundless] 

and Thy glory beyond measure 

and wonderful Heroes minister to Thee; 

yet [hast Thou done marvels] among the humble 

in the mire underfoot, 

and among those eager for righteousness, 

causing all the well-loved poor 

to rise up together from the trampling. 

But I have been [iniquity to] those who contend with me, 

dispute and quarrelling to my friends, 

wrath to the members of my Covenant 

and murmuring and protest to all my companions. 

[All who have ea]ten my bread 

have lifted their heel against me, 

and all those joined to my Council 

have mocked me with wicked lips. 

The members of my [Covenant] have rebelled 

and have murmured round about me; 

they have gone as talebearers 

before the children of mischief 

concerning the mystery which Thou hast hidden in me. 

And to show Thy great[ness] through me, 

and because of their guilt. 

Thou hast hidden the fountain of understanding 

and the counsel of truth. 

They consider but the mischief of their heart; 
[with] devilish [schemings] they unsheathe 



a perfidious tongue 

from wliicli ever springs Vne poison of dragons. 

And lil<e (serpents) winich creep in tlie dust, 

so do tliey iet fly [tfieir poisonous darts], 

viper's [venom] against whicfi there is no cfiarm; 

and this has brought incurabie pain, 

a malignant scourge 

within the body of Thy servant, 

causing [his spirit] to faint 

and draining his strength 

so that he maintains no firm stand. 

They have overtal<en me in a narrow pass without escape 

and there is no [rest for me in my triai]. 

They sound my censure upon a harp 

and their murmuring and storming upon a zither. 

Anguish [seizes me] 

iil<e the pangs of a woman in travaii, 

and my heart is troubled within me. 

i am clothed in blackness 

and my tongue cleaves to the roof [of my mouth]; 

[for I fear the mischief of] their heart 

and their inclination (towards evil) 

appears as bitterness before me. 

The light of my face is dimmed to darkness 

and my radiance is turned to decay. 

For Thou, O God, didst widen my heart, 
but they straiten it with affliction 
and hedge me about with darkness. 
I eat the bread of wailing 

and drink unceasing tears; 

truly, my eyes are dimmed by grief, 

and my soul by daily bitterness. 



[Groaning] and sorrow encompass me 

and ignominy covers my face. 

My bread is turned into an adversary 

and my drinl< into an accuser; 

it lias entered into my bones 

causing my spirit to stagger 

and my strengtli to faii. 

According to tlie mysteries of sin, 

ttiey ctiange ttie worl<s of God byttieirtransgression. 

Truly, I am bound witti untearabie ropes 

and witli unbreal<able chains. 

A tliicl< waii [fences me in], 

iron bars and gates [of bronze]; 

my [prison] is counted witti ttie Abyss 

as being wittiout [any escape] 

[Ttie torrents of Beiiai] tiave encompassed my soui 
[leaving me wittiout deliverance] 

Hymn 14 (formerly 10) 

XIV (formerly VI) 

Thou hast unstopped my ears 

[to the correction] of those who reprove with justice 

[Thou hast saved me] from the congregation of [vanity] 

and from the assembly of violence; 

Thou hast brought me into the Council of.. 

[and hast purified me of] sin. 

And I know there is hope 

for those who turn from transgression 

and for those who abandon sin 

and to walk without wickedness 

in the way of Thy heart. 

I am consoled for the roaring of the peoples, 

and for the tumult of k[ing]doms when they assemble; 



[for] in a little while, I know, 

Thou wilt raise up survivors among Thy people 

and a remnant within Thine inheriteince. 

Thou wi It purify and cleanse them of thei r si n 

for all their deeds are in Thy truth. 

Thou wilt judge them in Thy great loving-l<indness 

and in the multitude of Thy mercies 

and in the abundance of Thy pardon, 

teaching them acconding to Thy word; 

and Thou wilt establish them in Thy Council 

according to the uprightness of Thy truth. 

Thou wilt do these things for Thy glory 

and for Thine own sake, 

to [magnify] the Law and [the truth 

and to enlighten] the members of Thy Council 

in the midst of the sons of men, 

that they may recount Thy marvels 

for everlasting generations 

and [meditate] unceasingly upon Thy mighty deeds. 

All the nations shall acknowledge Thy truth, 

and all the people Thy glory. 

For Thou wilt bring Thy glorious [salvation] 
to all the men of Thy Council, 
to those who share a common lot 
with the Angels of the Face. 

And among them shall be no mediator to [invoke Thee], 
and no messenger [to make] reply; 
for ... 

They shall reply according to Thy glorious word 

and shall be Thy princes in the company [of the Angels]. 

They shall send out a bud [for ever] 

like a flower [of the fields], 

and shall cause a shoot to grow 

into the boughs of an everlasting Plant. 



It shall cover the whole [earth] with Its shadow 

[and Its crown] (shall reach) to the [clouds]; 

Its roots (shall go down) to the Abyss 

[and all the rivers of Eden shall water Its branches]. 

A source of light 

shall become an eternal ever-flowing fountain, 
and In Its bright flames 
all the [sons of Iniquity] shall be consumed; 
[It shall be] a fire to devour all sinful men 
In utter destruction. 

They who bore the yoke of my testimony 

have been led astray [by teachers of lies], 

[and have rebelled] against the service of righteousness. 

Whereas Thou, O my God, didst command them 

to mend their ways 

[by walking] In the way of [holiness], 

where no man goes who Is unclrcumclsed 

or unclean or violent, 

they have staggered aside from the way of Thy heart 

and languish In [great] wretchedness. 

A counsel of Belial Is In their heart 

[and In accordance with] their wicked design 

they wallow In sin. 

[I am] as a sailor In a ship 
amid furious seas; 
their waves and all their billows 
roar against me. 

[There Is no] calm In the whirlwind 

that I may restore my soul, 

no path that I may straighten my way 

on the face of the waters. 

The deeps resound to my groaning 



and [my soul has journeyed] to the gates of death. 

But I shall be as one who enters a fortified city, 
as one who seeks refuge behind a high wall 
until deliverance (comes); 

I will [lean on] Thy truth, O my God. 

For Thou wilt set the foundation on rock 

and the framework by the measuring-cord of justice; 

and the tried stones [Thou wilt lay] 

by the plumb-line [of truth], 

to [build] a mighty [wall] which shall not swa^^ 

and no man entering there shall stagger. 

For no enemy shall ever Invade [It 

since Its doors shall be] doors of protection 

through which no man shall pass; 

and Its bars shall be firm 

and no man shall break them. 

No rabble shall enter In with their weapons of war 

until all the [arrows] of the war of wickedness 

have come to an end. 

And then at the time of Judgement 

the Sword of God shall hasten, 

and all the sons of His truth shall awake 

to [overthrow] wickedness; 

all the sons of Iniquity shall be no more. 

The Hero shall bend his bow; 

the fortress shall open on to endless space 

and the everlasting gates shall send out weapons of war. 

They shall be mighty 

from end to end [of the earth 

and there shall be no escape] 

for the guilty of heart [In their battle]; 

they shall be utterly trampled down 



without any [remnant. 

There shall be no] hope 

In the greatness [of their might], 

no refuge for the mighty warriors; 

for [the battle shall be] to the Most High God 

Hoist a banner, 

O you who He In the dust! 

0 bodies gnawed by worms, 

raise up an ensign for [the destruction of wickedness]! 

[The sinful shall] be destroyed 

In the battles against the ungodly. 

The scourging flood when It advances 

shall not Invade the stronghold 

XV (formerly VII) 

As for me, I am dumb ... 

[my arm] Is torn from Its shoulder 

and my foot has sunk Into the mire. 

My eyes are closed by the spectacle of evil, 

and my ears by the crying of blood. 

My heart Is dismayed by the mischievous design, 

for Belial Is manifest In their (evil) Inclination. 

All the foundations of my edifice totter 

and my bones are pulled out of joint; 

my bowels heave like a ship In a violent tempest 

and my heart Is utterly distressed. 

A whirlwind engulfs me 

because of the mischief of thelrsln. 

Hymn 15 (formerly 1 1) 

1 thank Thee, O Lord, 

for Thou hast upheld me by Thy strength. 
Thou hast shed Thy Holy Spirit upon me 
that I may not stumble. 



Thou hast strengthened me 

before the battles of wickedness, 

and during ali their disasters 

Thou hast not permitted that fear 

shouid cause me to desert Thy Covenant. 

Thou hast made me iii<e a strong tower, a high waii, 

and hast established my edifice upon rocl<; 

eternal foundations 

serve for my ground, 

and all my ramparts are a tried wall 

which shall not sway. 

Thou hast placed me, O my God, 

among the branches of the Council of Holiness; 

Thou hast [established my mouth] in Thy Covenant, 

and my tongue is like that of Thy disciples; 

whereas the spirit of disaster is without a mouth 

and all the sons of iniquity without a reply; 

for the lying lips shall be dumb. 

For Thou wilt condemn in Judgement 

all those who assail me, 

distinguishing through me 

between the just and the wicked. 

For Thou knowest the whole intent of a creature, 

Thou discernest every reply, 

and Thou hast established my heart 

[on] Thy teaching and truth, 

directing my steps into the paths of righteousness 

that I may walk before Thee 

in the land [of the living], 

into paths of glory and [infinite] peace 

which shall [never] end. 

For Thou knowest the inclination of Thy servant, 
that I have not relied [upon the works of my hands] 
to raise up [my heart], 
nor have I sought refuge 



in my own strength. 

I have no fleshly refuge, 

[and Thy servant has] no righteous deeds 

to deliver him from the [Pit of no] forgiveness. 

But I lean on the [abundance of Thy mercies] 

and hope [for the greatness] of Thy grace, 

that Thou wilt bring [salvation] to flower 

and the branch to growth, 

providing refuge in (Thy) strength 

[and raising up my heart]. 

[For in] Thy righteousness 

Thou hast appointed me for Thy Covenant, 

and I have clung to Thy truth 

and [gone forward in Thy ways]. 

Thou hast made me a father to the sons of grace, 

and as a foster-father to men of marvel; 

they have opened their mouths like little babes ... 

like a child playing in the lap of its nurse. 

Thou hast lifted my horn above those who insult me, 

and those who attack me 

[sway like the boughs] (of a tree); 

my enemies are like chaff before the wind, 

and my dominion is over the sons [of iniquity, 

For] Thou hast succoured my soul, O my God, 

and hast lifted my horn on high. 

And I shall shine in a seven-fold light 

in [the Council appointed by] Thee for Thy glory; 

for Thou art an everlasting heavenly light to me 

and wilt establish my feet 

[upon level ground for ever]. 

Hymn 16 (formerly 12) 

I [thank Thee, O Lord], 



for Thou hast enlightened me through Thy truth. 

In Thy marvellous mysteries, 

and in Thy loving-kindness to a man [of vanity, 

and] in the greatness of Thy mercy to a perverse heart 

Thou hast granted me l<nowledge. 

Who is like Thee among the gods, O Lord, 

and who is according to Thy truth? 

Who, when he is judged, 

shall be righteous before Thee? 

For no spirit can reply to Thy rebuke 

nor can any withstand Thy wrath. 

Yet Thou bri ngest all the sons of Thy truth 
in forgiveness before Thee, 
[to cleanse] them of their faults 
through Thy great goodness, 
and to establish them before Thee 
through the multitude of Thy mercies 
for ever and ever. 

For Thou art an eternal God; 

all Thy ways are determined for ever [and ever] 

and there is none other beside Thee. 

And what is a man of Naught and Vanity 

that he should understand Thy marvellous mighty deeds? 

Hymn 17 (formerly 13) 

[I thank] Thee, O God, 

for Thou hast not cast my lot 

in the congregation of Vanity, 

nor hast Thou placed {my decree} (4Q428 7) 

in the council of the cunning. 

[Thou hast] called me to Thy grace 

and to [Thy] forgiveness Thou hast brought me. 



and, by the multitude of Thy mercies, 

to aii judgements of [righteousness. 

As for me, I am an] unci[ean ma]n, 

and from the womb of her who conceived me 

I am an unciean man, 

and from the womb of her who has conceived me 
lam in sinful guilt, 

[and from the breast of my mother] in injustice, 
and in the bosom [of my nurse] in great impurity. 
And from my youth (I am) in blo[od, 
and until [my old age inthe iniquity of the flesh. 
ButThou.jOmy God, 

Thou hast established my feet inthe way of Thy heart, 
and hast opened] my ears to [Thy wonderful] tidings, 
and my heart to understand Thy truth 
XVI (formerly VIII) 

for I have closed my ears to Thy teaching 
until... 

... [without] knowledge 
hast Thou cut out of me, 
and glor[y] ... 

[no] more for me a stumbling-block of iniquity. 
For Thou dost rev[eal Thy salvation], 
and Thy righteousness is made firm for ever. 
For m[an] is not the master of his way, 
f[or] Thou hast done [all this for Thy glory.] 

Hymn 18 (formerly 14) 

I [thank Thee, O Lord, 

for] Thou hast placed me beside a fountain of streams 

in an arid land, 

and close to a spring of waters 
in a dryland, 

and beside a watered garden 
[in a wilderness]. 



[For Thou didst set] a plantation 

of cypress, pine, and cedar for Thy glory, 

trees of life beside a mysterious fountain 

hidden among the trees by the water, 

and they put out a shoot 

of the everlasting Plant. 

But before they did so, they took root 

and sent out their roots to the watercourse 

that its stem might be open to the living waters 

and be one with the everlasting spring. 

And all [the beasts] of the forest 
fed on its leafy boughs; 

its stem was trodden by all who passed on the way 

and its branches by all the birds. 

And all the [trees] by the water rose above it 

for they grew in their plantation; 

but they sent out no root to the watercourse. 

And the bud of the shoot of holiness 

of the Plant of truth 

was hidden and was not esteemed; 

and being unperceived, 

its mystery was sealed. 

Thou didst hedge in its fruit, [O God], 

with the mystery of mighty Heroes 

and of spirits of holiness 

and of the whirling flame of fire. 

No [man shall approach] the well-spring of life 

or drink the waters of holiness 

with the everlasting trees, 

or bear fruit with [the Plant] of heaven, 

who seeing has not discerned, 

and considering has not believed 



in the fountain of life, 

wlio lias turned [liis liand against] tlie everiasting [bud]. 

And I was despised bytumuituous rivers 
for tliey cast up tlieir siime upon me. 

But Tliou, O my God, liast put into my moutfi 

as it were rain for all [those who thirst] 

and a fount of living waters which shall not fail. 

When they are opened they shall not run dry; 

they shall be a torrent [overflowing its banks] 

and like the [bottom]less seas. 

They shall suddenly gush forth 

which were hidden in secret, 

[and shall be like the waters of the Flood 

to every tree], both the green and the barren; 

to every beast and bird [they shall be an abyss. 

The trees shall sink like] lead in the mighty waters, 

fire [shall burn among them] 

and they shall be dried up; 

but the fruitful Plant 

[by the] everlasting [spring 

shall be] an Eden of glory 

[bearing] fruits [of life]. 

By my hand Thou hast opened for them 
a well-spring and ditches, 
[that all their channels] may be laid out 
according to a certain measuring-cord, 
and the planting of their trees 
according to the plumb-line of the sun, 
that [their boughs may become 
a beautiful] Branch of glory. 

When I lift my hand to dig its ditches 
its roots shall run deep into hardest rock 



and its stem ... in tlie eartli; 

in tlie season of lieat it sliaii l<eep its strengtli. 

But if I tal<e away my liand 

it shall be like a thistle [in the wildemess]; 

its stem shall be like nettles in a salty land, 

and thistles and thoms shall grow from its ditches, 

and brambles and briars. 

Its border [trees] shall be like the wild grapevine 

whose foliage withers before the heat, 

and its stem shall not be open to [the spring]. 

[Behold, I am] carried away with the sick; 

[I am acquainted] with scourges. 

I am forsaken in [my sorrow] ... 

and without any strength. 

For my sore breaks out in bitter pains 

and in incurable sickness impossible to stay, 

[my heart laments] within me 

as in those who go down to Hell. 

My spirit is imprisoned with the dead 

for [my life] has reached the Pit; 

my soul languishes [within me] 

day and night without rest. 

My wound breaks out like burning fire 

shut up in [my bones], 

whose flames devour me for days on end, 

diminishing my strength for times on end 

and destroying my flesh for seasons on end. 

The pains fly out [towards me] 

and my soul within me languishes even to death. 

My strength has gone from my body 

and my heart runs out like water; 

my flesh is dissolved like wax 

and the strength of my loins is turned to fear. 



My arm is torn from its socl<et 
[and I can] lift my liand [no more]; 

My [foot] is held by fetters 

and my knees slide like water; 

I can no longer walk. 

I cannot step fon/vard lightly, 

[for my legs and arms] are bound by shackles 

which cause me to stumble. 

The tongue has gone back which Thou didst make 

marvellously mighty within my mouth; 

it can no longer give voice. 

[I have no word] for my disciples 

to revive the spirit of those who stumble 

and to speak words of support to the weary. 

My circumcised lips are dumb. 

XVII (formerly IX) 

[For] the throes of death [encompass me] 

and Hell is upon my bed; 

my couch utters a lamentation 

[and my pallet] the sound of a complaint. 

My eyes are like fire in the furnace 

and my tears like rivers of water; 

my eyes grow dim with waiting, 

[for my salvation] is far from me 

and my life is apart from me. 

But behold, 

from desolation to ruin, 

and from the pain to the sore, 

and from the travail to the throes, 

my soul meditates on Thy marvellous works. 

In Thy mercies Thou hast not cast me aside; 

season by season, my soul shall delight 

in the abundance of mercy. 

I will reply to him who slanders me 



and I will rebuke my oppressor; 
I will declare his sentence unjust 
and declare Thy judgement righteous. 

For I know by Thy truth, 

and I choose Thy judgement upon me: 

I delight In my scourges 

for I hope for Thy lovlng-klndness. 

Thou hast put a supplication 

I n the mouth of Thy servant 

and Thou hast not threatened my life 

nor rejected my peace. 

Thou hast not failed my expectation, 

but hast upheld my spirit In face of the scourge. 

For It Is Thou who hast founded my spirit 
and Thou knowest my Intent; 
In my distress Thou hast comforted me. 
I delight In forgiveness, 

and am consoled for the former transgression; 

for I know there Is hope In Thy grace 

and expectation In Thy great power. 

For no man can be just In Thy judgement 

or [righteous In] Thy trial. 

Though one man be more just than another, 

one person [more] wise [than another], 

one mortal more glorious 

than another creature [of clay], 

yet Is there no power to compare with Thy might. 

There Is no [bound] to Thy glory, 

and to Thy wisdom, no measure; 

[to Thy truth] there Is no ... 

and all who forsake It ... 

and my oppressor shall [not] prevail against me. 

I will be a stumbling-block to [those who swallow me up, 



and a snare to] all those who battle against me; 

[I will be for my enemies a] cause of shame, 

and a cause of disgrace 

to those who murmur against me. 

For Thou, O my God ... 

Thou wilt plead my cause; 

for It Is according to the mystery of Thy wisdom 

that Thou hast rebuked me. 

Thou wilt conceal the truth until [Its] time, 
[and righteousness] until Its appointed moment. 
Thy rebuke shall become my joy and gladness, 
and my scourges shall turn to [eternal] healing 
and everlasting [peace]. 

The scorn of my enemies shall become a crown of glory, 
and my stumbling (shall change) to everlasting might. 

For In Thy ... 

and my light shall shine forth In Thy glory. 

For as a light from out of the darkness, 

so wilt Thou enlighten me. 

[Thou wilt bring healing to] my wound, 

and marvellous might In place of my stumbling, 

and everlasting space to my straitened soul. 

For Thou art my refuge, my high mountain, 

my stout rock and my fortress; 

In Thee will I shelter 

from all the [designs of ungodliness, 

for Thou wilt succour me] with eternal deliverance. 

For Thou hast known me from (the time of) my father, 

[and hast chosen me] from the womb. 

[From the belly of] my mother 

Thou hast dealt kindly with me, 

and from the breast of her who conceived me 

have Thy mercies been with me. 



[Thy grace was with me] in the lap of her who reared me, 
and from my youth Thou hast iliumined me 
with the wisdom of Thy judgement. 

Thou hast upheld me with certain truth; 

Thou hast delighted me with Thy Holy Spirit 

and [hast opened my heart] till this day. 

Thy just rebuke accompanies my [faults] 

and Thy safeguarding peace delivers my soul. 

The abundance of (Thy) forgiveness is with my steps 

and infinite mercy accompanies Thy judgement of me. 

Until I am old Thou wilt care for me; 

for my father knew me not 

and my mother abandoned me to Thee. 

For Thou art a father 

to all [the sons] of Thy truth, 

and as a woman who tenderly loves her babe, 

so dost Thou rejoice in them; 

and as a foster-father bearing a child in his lap 

so carest Thou for all Thy creatures. 

Hymn 19 (formerly 15) 

[I thank Thee, O Lord] 
XVIII (formerly X) 

... and nothing exists except by Thy will; 
none can consider [Thy deep secrets] 
or contemplate Thy [mysteries]. 

What then is man that is earth, 

that is shaped [from clay] and returns to the dust, 

that Thou shouldst give him to understand such marvels 

and make known to him the counsel of [Thy truth]? 

Clay and dust that I am, 



what can I devise unless Thou wish it, 
and what contrive uniess Thou desire it? 
What strength shaii i have 
uniess Thou l<eep me upright, 
and how shaii i understand 

uniess by (the spirit) which Thou hast shaped for me? 

What can I say uniess Thou open my mouth 

and how can I answer uniess Thou eniighten me? 

Behoid, Thou art Prince of gods 

and King of majesties. 

Lord of aii spirits, 

and Ruier of aii creatures; 

nothing is done without Thee, 

and nothing is i<nown without Thy wiii. 

Beside Thee there is nothing, 
and nothing can compare with Thee in strength; 
in the presence of Thy giory there is nothing, 
and Thy might is without price. 

Who among Thy great and marveiious creatures 

can stand in the presence of Thy giory? 

iHow then can he who returns to his dust? 

ForThygiorys sai<e aione hast Thou made aii these things. 

Hymn 20 (formerly 16) 

Biessed art Thou, O Lord, 

God of mercy [and abundant] grace, 

for Thou hast made i<nown [Thy wisdom to me 

that i shouid recount] Thy marveiious deeds, 

i<eeping siience neither by day nor [by night]! 

[For i have trusted] in Thy grace. 

in Thy great goodness, 

and in [the multitude of Thy mercies] 



For I have leaned on Thy truth 
[And unless] Thou rebuke, 
there Is no stumbling; 
unless Thou foreknow It, 
[there Is no] scourge; 
[nothing Is done without] Thy [will]. 

[I will cling to Thy ways] 

according to my knowledge [of Thy] truth; 

contemplating Thy glory 

I will recount Thy wonderful works, 

and understanding [Thy goodness 

I will lean on the] multitude of Thy mercies 

and hope for Thy forgiveness. 

For Thou Thyself hast shaped [my spirit] 

and established me [according to Thy will]; 

and Thou hast not placed my support In gain, 

[nor does] my [heart delight In riches]; 

Thou hast given me no fleshly refuge. 

The might of warriors [rests] on abundant delights, 

[and on plenty of corn] and wine and oil; 

they pride themselves In possessions and wealth. 

[But the righteous Is like a] green [tree] 

beside streams of water, 

bringing forth leaves and multiplying Its branches; 

for [Thou hast chosen them 

from among the children of] men 

that they may all grow fat from the land. 

Thou wilt give to the children of Thy truth 
[unending joy and] everlasting [gladness], 
and according to the measure of their knowledge, 
so shall they be honoured one more than another. 

And likewise for the son of man ... 



Thou wilt increase liis portion 

in tlie l<nowiedge of Tliy trutli, 

and according to tlie measure of his knowledge, 

so shall he be honoured ... 

[For the soul] of Thy servant has loathed [riches] and gain, 
and he has not [desired] exquisite delights. 
My heart rejoices in Thy Covenant 
and Thy truth delights my soul. 
I shall flower [like the lily] 

and my heart shall be open to the everlasting fountain; 
my support shall be in the might from on high. 
But... 

and withers like a flower before [the heat]. 

My heart is stricken with terror, 

and my loins with trembling; 

my groaning goes down to the Abyss, 

and is shut up in the chambers of Hell. 

I am greatly afraid when I hear of Thy judgement 

of the mighty Heroes, 

and of Thy trial of the host 

of Thy Holy Ones 

XIX (formerly XI) 

Hymn 21 (formerly 17) 

I thank Thee, my God, 
for Thou hast dealt wondrously to dust, 
and mightily towards a creature of clay! 
I thank Thee, I thank Thee! 

What am I, that Thou shouldst [teach] me 

the counsel of Thy truth, 

and give me understanding 

of Thy marvellous works; 

that Thou shouldst lay hymns of thanksgiving 

within my mouth 



and [praise] upon my tongue, 

and that of my circumcised lips 

(Tliou sliouidst mal<e) a seat of rejoicing? 

Iwiii sing Thy mercies, 

and on Thy might i will meditate all day long. 

I will bless Thy Name evermore. 

I will declare Thy glory in the midst of the sons of men 

and my soul shall delight InThy great goodness. 

I l<now that Thy word is truth, 

and that righteousness is in Thy hand; 

that all knowledge is in Thy purpose, 

and that all power is in Thy might, 

and that every glory is Thine. 

In Thy wrath are all chastisements, 

but in Thy goodness is much forgiveness 

and Thy mercy is towards the sons of Thy goodwill. 

For Thou hast made known to them 

the counsel of Thy truth, 

and hast taught them Thy marvellous mysteries. 

For the sake of Thy glory 

Thou hast purified man of sin 

that he may be made holy for Thee, 

with no abominable uncleanness 

and no guilty wickedness; 

that he may be one [with] the children of Thy truth 

and partake of the lot of Thy Holy Ones; 

that bodies gnawed by worms may be raised from the dust 

to the counsel [of Thy truth], 

and that the perverse spirit (may be lifted) 

to the understanding [which comes from Thee]; 

that he may stand before Thee 

with the everlasting host 

and with [Thy] spirits [of holiness]. 



to be renewed together with all the living 
and to rejoice together with them that know. 

Hymn 22 (formerly 18) 

I thank Thee, my God! 
I praise Thee, my Rock! 

For Thou hast made known to me the counsel of Thy truth 

[and hast taught me Thy marvellous mysteries;] 

and hast revealed Thy [wonders] to me. 

I have beheld {Thy marvels} (4Q427 fr. 1, 1) [towards the 

children] 

of grace, 

and I know [that] righteousness is Thine, 
that in Thy mercies there is [hope for me], 
but without Thy grace [destruction] without end. 
But a fountain of bitter mourning opens for me, 
[and my tears fall down]. 
Distress is not hidden from my eyes 
when I think of the (evil) inclinations of man, 
of his return [to dust], 

{I understand and observe} (4Q427 fr. 1 , iii) sin and the sorrow 
of guilt. 

They enter my heart and reach into my bones 
to... 

and to meditate in sorrowful meditation. 

I will groan with the zither of lamentation 

in all grief-stricken mourning and bitter complaint 

until iniquity and [wickedness] are consumed 

and the disease-bringing scourge is no more. 

Then will I play on the zither of deliverance 

and the harp of joy, 

[on the tabors of prayer] and the pipe of praise 
without end. 

Who among all Thy creatures 



is able to recount [Thy wonders]? 

May Thy Name be praised 

by the mouth of aii men! 

May they biess Thee for ever 

in accordance with [their understanding], 

and proclaim Thee with the voice of praise 

in the company of [the Sons of Heaven]! 

There shaii be neither groaning nor complaint 

and wickedness [shall be destroyed for ever]; 

Thy truth shall be revealed in eternal glory 

and everlasting peace. 

Blessed art [Thou, O my Lord], 

who hast given to [Thy servant] 

the knowledge of wisdom 

that he may comprehend Thy wonders, 

and recount Thy ... 

in Thy abundant grace! 

Blessed art Thou, 

O God of mercy and compassion, 

for the might of Thy [power] 

and the greatness of Thy truth, 

and for the multitude of Thy favours 

in all Thy works! 

Rejoice the soul of Thy servant with Thy truth 
and cleanse me by Thy righteousness. 
Even as I have hoped in Thy goodness, 
and waited for Thy grace, 
so hast Thou freed me from my calamities 
in accordance with Thy forgiveness; 
and in my distress Thou hast comforted me 
for I have leaned on Thy mercy. 

Blessed art Thou, O Lord, 

for it is Thou who hast done these things! 

Thou hast set [hymns of praise] 



withi n the mouth of Thy servant, 

and hast established for me a response of the tongue. 

Hymn 23 (formerly 19) 

XX (formerly XII) 

... {with the ever[lastlng] spirits} (4Q427, fr. 3 II, 1 . 4) 

securely In a dwelling {of peac[e,} (4Q427, fr. 2, 1 1 . 1 -2) 

In sll]ence and quietness In the tents of security and salvation. 

I will praise Thy Name among them that fear Thee. 
Bowing down In prayer I will beg Thy favours 
from season to season always: 

when light emerges from [Its dwelling-place], 

and when the day reaches Its appointed end 

In accordance with the laws 

of the Great Light of heaven; 

when evening falls and light departs 

at the beginning of the dominion of darkness, 

at the hour appointed for night, 

and at Its end when morning returns 

and (the shadows) retire to their dwelling-place 

before the approach of light; 

always; 

at the genesis of every period 

and at the beginning of every age 

and at the end of every season, 

according to the statute and signs 

appointed to every dominion 

by the certain law from the mouth of God, 

by the precept which Is and shall be 

for ever and ever without end. 

Without It nothing Is nor shall be, 

for the God of knowledge established It 



and there is no other beside Him. 

I, the Master, i<now Thee O my God, 

by the spirit which Thou hast given to me, 

and byThyHoiy Spirit I have faithfuiiy heari<ened 

to Thy marvelious counsel. 

In the mystery of Thy wisdom 

Thou hast opened knowledge to me, 

and in Thy mercies 

[Thou hast unlocked for me] the fountain of Thy might. 

Before Thee no man is just ... 

[that he may] understand all Thy mysteries 

or give answer [to Thy rebuke. 

But the children of Thy grace 

shall delight in] Thy correction 

and watch for Thy goodness, 

for in Thy mercies [Thou wilt show Thyself to them] 

and they shall know Thee; 

at the time of Thy glory 

they shall rejoice. 

[Thou hast caused them to draw near] 

in accordance [with their knowledge], 

and hast admitted them 

in accordance with their understanding, 

and in their divisions they shall serve Thee 

throughout their dominion 

[without ever turning aside] from Thee 

or transgressing Thy word. 

Behold, [I was taken] from dust 
[and] fashioned [out of clay] 
as a source of uncleanness, 
and a shameful nakedness, 
a heap of dust, 
and a kneading [with water,] 
and a house of darkness. 



a creature of clay returning to dust, 

returning [attlie appointed time 

to dweii] in tlie dust wlience it was tal<en. 

Howtlien sliail dust repiyto its iVlal<er, 

[and flow] understand His [worl<s]? 

How sliaii it stand before Him wtio reproves it? 

[and ttie Spring of] Eternity, 

tlieWeiiofGiory 

and tlie Fountain of Knowledge. 

Not even [the wonderful] Heroes [can] declare all Thy glory 

or stand in face of Thy wrath, 

and there is none among them 

that can answer Thy rebuke; 

for Thou art just and none can oppose Thee. 

How then can (man) who returns to his dust? 

I hold my peace; 

what more shall I say than this? 

I have spoken in accordance with my knowledge, 

out of the righteousness given to a creature of clay. 

And how shall I speak unless Thou open my mouth; 

how understand unless Thou teach me? 

How shall I seek Thee unless Thou uncover my heart, 

and how follow the way that is straight 

unless [Thou guide me? 

How shall my foot] stay on [the path 

unless Thou] give it strength; 

and how shall I rise... 

XXI (formerly XVIII, 16-33+fr- 3) 

Hymn 24(formerly 25) 

[How] shall I look, 

unless Thou open my eyes? 



Or hear, 

[unless Thou unstop my ears]? 

My heart is astounded, 

for to the unoircumoised ear 

a word has been disclosed, 

and a heart [of stone 

has understood the right precepts]. 

I l<now it is for Thyself 

that Thou hast done these things, O God; 

for what is flesh 

[that Thou shouldst act] marvellously [towards it]? 

It is Thy purpose to do mightily 

and to establish all things for Thy glory. 

[Thou hast created] the host of knowledge 

to declare (Thy) mighty deeds to flesh, 

and the right precepts to him that is born [of woman]. 

Thou hast [caused the perverse heart to enter] 

into a Covenant with Thee, 

and hast uncovered the heart of dust 

that it may be preserved from evil 

and saved from the snares of Judgement 

in accordance with Thy mercies. 

And I, a creature [of clay 
kneaded with water, 
a heap of dust] 
and a heart of stone, 

for what am I reckoned to be worthy of this? 

For into an ear of dust [Thou hast put a new word] 

and hast engraved on a heart of [stone] things everlasting. 

Thou hast caused [the straying spirit] to return 

that it may enter into a Covenant with Thee, 

and stand [before Thee for ever] 



in the everlasting abode, 
iiiumined witli perfect Liglit for ever, 
with [no more] darl<ness, 
[for unjending [seasons of joy] 
and un[numbered] ages of peace. 
And as for me, a creature of dust, ... 

Fr. 3 

Pile of dust, how shall Istand in front of the tempest? 
... and He will guard me 

according to the mysteries of His good pleasure. For He 
knows... 

And they will hide snares of wickedness, net after net. 

... every creature of deceit will come to an end ... 

[wickedness will] turn to nothing 

and the inclination towards iniquity will vanish 

and deeds of deceit [will perish]. 

As for me, creature of [clay] ... 

... how will it gain strength for Thee? 

Thou art the God of [knowledge] 

Thou hast made them [according to Thy design] 

and without Thee [nothing exists]. 

[As for me, creature] of dust, I know 

through the spirit which Thou hast put into me 

that ... 

injustice and deceit will be awe-struck 

and insolence will cease. 

[wojrks of uncleanness will (turn into) sickness 

and judgements (leading to) plague and destruction ... 

XXII (formerly XVIII 11, 27-29+fr. I i+fr. 52 

bottom+fr. 4+fr. 47) 

... [holjiness that are in heaven 

... and He is wonder. 

But they cannot [understand] Thy [marveljs 

and they will not be able to know all [Thy mysteries]. 



[How then can he who retur]ns to his dust? 

As for me, lam a man of sin 

who has waiiowed [in the ways of uncleanness] 

[and been defiied] by the guiit of wici<edness. 

As for me, in the times of wrath [I have faiien(?)]. 

How can I rise in view of my wound 

and l<eep myseif... 

For there is hope for man... 

As for me, creature of ciay, 

I have ieaned [on Thy ioving-l<indness 

and on the multitude of Thy mysteries,] O my God. 

And I l<now that truthful is [Thy mouth, 

and that Thy words are not] revoked. 

As for me, I will rely in my time [on Thy Covenant 

and will rai]se myself to the post 

which Thou hast established for me ... 

Fr. 4 

... As for me, I was frightened by Thy judgements 

Who is found clean in Thy judgement? 

And what is [man before Thee? 

Thou bringest] him to judgement 

and he returns to his dust. 

... [my G]o[d]. 

Thou hast opened my heart for Thy understanding 

and hast unstopped [my] ear[s] ... 

to lean on Thy goodness. 

My heart murmurs ... 

and my heart melts like wax 

because of iniquity and sin.... 

Blessed art Thou, God of knowledge, 

who hast established... 

And Thou hast met Thy servant with this for Thy sake. 

For I know Thy [loving-kindness 

and in] Thy [mercies] I hope in all my existence. 



and I bless Thy name always. 

Do not forsake me In the times [of distress (?)] 

XXIII (formerly XVIII, 1-16+fr. 57 l+fr. 2 I) 

they are confirmed In [the ears] of Thy servant for ever 

... [to announce] Thy marvellous tidings 

Withdraw not Thy hand ... 

that he may be confirmed In Thy Covenant 

and stand before Thee [for ever]. 

[For Thou, O my God,] didst open a [fountain] 

In the mouth of Thy Servant. 

Thou didst engrave by the measuring-cord 

[Thy mysteries] upon his tongue, 

[that] out of his understanding 

[he might] preach to a creature, 

and Interpret these things 

to dust like myself. 

Thou didst open [his fountain] 

that he might rebuke the creature of clay for his way, 

and him who Is born of woman 

for the guilt of his deeds; 

that he might open [the fount of] Thy truth 

to a creature whom Thou upholdest by Thy might; 

[that he might be], according to Thy truth, 

a messenger [In the season] of Thy goodness; 

that to the humble he might bring 

glad tidings of Thy great mercy, 

[proclaiming salvation] 

from out of the fountain [of holiness 

to the contrite] of spirit, 

and everlasting joy to those who mourn. 

Fr. 2 



.. [to pral]se Thee 



and to recount all Thy glory. 

As for me, what am I? 

For I was taken from dust. 

ButTh[ou, Omy God], 

Thou hast done all these [for] Thy [g]lory. 

According to the greatness of Thy loving-kindness 

put the guard of Thy righteousness 

[in the hand of Th]y [servant] for ever 

until deliverance. 

May the interpreters of knowledge be with all my steps 

and those who decide truth [in all my ways]. 

For what is dust among al[1] ... 

Ashes are in their hand: nothing at all. 

and Thou hast shed [Thy Holy] Spirit over dust 

[to bring him into the company] of the 'gods' 

and unite them with the Sons of Heaven. 

Thou hast shed Thy [Ho]ly [Spirit] to atone for guilt 

for they are established in Thy truth. 

[And Thou, my God], 

Thou hast acted wondrously for Thy glory 

4Q427 7 i-ii (1QH, frs. 7, 46, 55, 56, 4Q428 
15,40431 1) 

I... 

For I am made to stand with the 'gods', 

and I will not... [glory or majes]tyfor me with fine gold; 

gold and purified gold, [I will] not... in me; 

... will not be reckoned for me. 

Chant, O beloved, sing to the King [of glory. 

Rejoice, in the cong]regation of God. 

Exult in the tents of salvation. 

Give thanks in the dwelling 

[of holiness], 

extol together with the eternal host. 
Magnify our God and glorify our King. 



Sanctify His name witli powerfui iips 

and a victorious tongue. 

Lift up aione your voice in aii ages, 

Let a joyous meditation be fieard. 

Burst out in eternai rejoicings 

and prostrate incessantiy in tlie common assembiy. 

Biess tlie wonderfui Mal<er of exaited tilings, 

Him who proclaims the power of His hand, 

sealing mysteries and revealing secrets, 

lifting up those who stumble and fall, 

[restjoring the progress of those who hope for knowledge 

and humbling the meetings of the everlastingly haughty; 

[sealjing the mysteries of sp[lendour] 

and establi[shing the wonlders of glory. 

O Judge, whose anger is destructive, 

... in righteous loving-kindness and great mercy, 

be gracious to ... 

... mercy to those who bear fruits of His great goodness, 

and the source of... 

II ... wickedness ends... 

[opjpression [ceases], the tyrant ceases... 

treachery [stojps and there are no senseless perversities. 

Light shines and joy bursts forth; 

mourning [vanishes] and sorrow flees. 

Peace is revealed, dread ceases. 

A spring has opened up for an [eternal] bles[sing] 

and for healing in all the everlasting ages. 

Iniquity has stopped, plague has ceased with no more illn[ess]. 

... has been gathered in and... will be no more. 

Announce and say: Great is God, IVIa[ker of marvels]. 

For He humbles the proud spirit with no remnant 

and from the dust He lifts up the poor to [eternal heights]. 

And He lifts him up to the clouds 

to share a common assembly with the 'gods'. 

And... 

anger for everlasting destruction. 



He raises freely the totterers on earth, 
and [His] mi[ght is with] their steps, 
and everlasting joy is in their dwellings, 
eternal glory without end [for ever]. 

Let them say: Blessed be God, Author of majestic [wjonders, 

who reveals might splendidly, 

and justifies with knowledge all His creatures, 

so that goodness is on their faces. 

They know the multitude of [His] loving [kindness] 

and the abundance of His mercies 

to all the children of His truth. 

We know Thee, O God of righteousness, 

and we comprehend [Thy ... , O King] 

of glory. 

For we have seen Thy zeal through Thy mighty power 
and have observed [Thy] d[eeds 

in the abundance] of Thy mercies and wondrous forgiveness. 

What is flesh compared to these? 

What do [dust and ashes] amoun[t to] 

that they recite these things from age to age, 

and hold themselves upright [before Thee 

and enter into communion with] the Sons of Heaven. 

No interpreter can answer according to Thy mouth 

and... to Thee. 

For Thou hast established us according to [Thy] ple[asure] 
in the territory [of iniquity] ... 

... we have spoken to Thee and not to a medi[ator] ... 
[And Thou hast lent] an ea[r] to the issue of our lips. 

Annou[nce and say: Blessed be God, 
Creator] of the heavens by His power, 
Desig[ner] of all their devices [by] His strength, 
of the earth by [His] migh[t] ... 



Hymnic Fragment 



(4Q433a) 



The verso side of this papyrus, palaeographically dated to the first half 
of the first century BCE, contains the beginning of the Community Rule 
(4Q255). The recto cam'es a poem similar to the Qumran Hymns or 
IHodayot and elaborates the ^miliar image of the Community as a 
plant in God's garden. 
For the editio phnceps, see E. Schuller, DJD, XXIX, 237-45. 

Fr. 2 



... for the everlasting sea[sons]. 

For the IVIaster. A sim[il]itude about the glory of ... 

A plant of delight, a plant in IHIs garden and in his 

vineyard. 

Its twigs will bear fruit and its branches will increase... 
and its branches (reaching) above the elevated support of 
heaven; 

and its splendour offers itself for everlasting generations, 
producing fru[it] for all who are to taste it. 
There will be no wild grapes among its fruits. 
It will have foliage, leaves and blossoms. 
None of its roots will be pulled up from its bed of 
balsam for... 



Apocryphal Psalms (I) 
(IIQPs^=IIQ5,4Q88) 



The incomplete Psalms scroll from Cave 11 (IIQPs^), published by J. 
A. Sanders {DJD, IV, Oxford, 1965), contains seven non-canonical 
poems interspersed among the canonical Psalms. One of these 
figures as Ps. 151 In the Greek Psalter, and four further compositions 
have been preserved In Syriac translation. Three previously unl<nown 
poems and an extract from the Hebrew version of Sirach II also feature 
in the Scroll. 

In Ps. 151 A and B or Syriac Ps. i, the story of the election of David, 
the shepherd boy as ruler of Israel, and his victory over Goliath, are 
poetically retold. Ps. 154 or Syr. Ps. II is a sapiential hymn, the 
beginning and end of which are extant only in Syriac, but 4Q448, 
column A (lines 8 — 10) represents a few words in Hebrew 
corresponding to Ps. 154, 17-20 (cf E. and H. Eshel and A. Yardeni, 
'A Qumran Composition Containing Part of Ps. 154 ... ', IEJ42 (1992), 
201-14). Ps. 155 or Syr Ps. iii Is an amalgam of an individual 
complaint and thanksgiving. Part of it Is an alphabet acrostic. I.e. the 
lines begin with consecutive letters of the Hebrew alphabet. Plea for 
Deliverance is an individual thanksgiving hymn, the beginning of which 
is lost. The Z/on Psalm, of which lines 1-3 and 8-15 are also in a 
fragmentary Psalms scroll from Cave 4 (4Q88 Vli-Vlil), is another 
alphabetic acrostic hymn praising Jerusalem. Finally the Psalm of the 
Creation is a further sapiential hymn. 

A midrashic account of the poetic activities of David Is inserted in 
column XXVIi of HQS, crediting him with 4,050 compositions, 
subdivided into psalms, songs for the daily holocaust, songs for the 



Sabbath sacrifice, songs for festivals and songs for exorcism. Tine 
mention of fifty-two Sabbatlis and the 364 days indicates that the 
author envisaged the soiar year of the Qumran calendar. 

The figure of 4,050 should be viewed against the equally prolific 
literary achievement claimed for Solomon in 1 Kings v, 12 (3,000 
proverbs and 1,005 songs according to ttie Hebrew text; 
3,000proverbs and 5,000 songs according to the Septuagint). As for 
Josephus, he attributes to Solomon 1 ,005 bool^s of poems and 3,000 
books of parables {Antiquities VIII, 44). 

Only this catalogue, written in prose, is definitely sectarian. The 
psalms themselves probably belong to the second century BCE at the 
latest, but they may even date to the thind century BCE. 



Psalm 151 A 



XXVIII Hallelujah. Of David, son of Jesse. 

1 . 1 was smaller than my brothers, and younger than the sons of my 

father. 

He made me shepherd of his flock, and a ruler over his kids. 

2. My hands have made a pipe and my fingers a lyre. 

I have rendered glory to the Lord; I have said so in my soul. 

3. The mountains do not testify to him, and the hills do not tell (of 
him). 

The trees praise my words and the flocks my deeds. 

4. For who can tell and speak of and recount the works of the 
Lord? 

God has seen all, he has heard all, and he listens to all. 

5. He sent his prophet to anoint me, Samuel to magnify me. 

My brothers went out to meet him, beautiful of figure, beautifiji of 
appearance. 

6. They were tall of stature with beautiful hair, yet the Lord did not 
choose them. 

7. He sent and took me from behind the flock, and anointed me 
with holy oil, as a prince of his people, and a ruler among the 



sons of his Covenant. 



Psalm 151B 



The first display of David's power after God's prophet had anointed 
him. 

1 . Then i saw the Philistine taunting [from the enemy lines] ... 



Syriac Psalm ii = Psalm 154 

1 XVIII [Glorify God with a great voice. Proclaim his majesty in the 
congregation of the many. 

2 Glorify his name amid the multitude of the upright and recount 
his greatness with the faithful. 

3 Join] your souls to the good and to the perfect to glorify the Most 
High. 

4 Assemble together to make known his salvation. 

And be not slow in making known his strength, and his majesty 
to all the simple. 

5 For wisdom is given to make known the glory of the Lord and to 
recount the greatness of his deeds. She is made known to man, 

7 to declare his strength to the simple, and to give insight into his 
greatness to those without understanding, 

8 they who are far from her gates, who have strayed from her 
entrances. 

9 For the IVlost High is the Lord of Jacob, and his majesty is over 
all his works. 

1 0 And a man who glorifies the IVlost High is accepted by him as 
one bringing an offering, 

11 as one offering he-goats and calves, as one causing the altar 
to grow fat on a multitude of burnt-offerings, as an agreeable 
incense by the hand of the righteous. 



12 From the doors of the righteous her voice is heard, and from 
the congregation of the devout her song. 

1 3 When they eat their fiii, she is mentioned, and when they drinl< 
in community together. 

14 Their meditation is on the Law of the Most High, and their 
words are for mal<ing l<nown his strength. 

1 5 How far from the wicl<ed is her word, and her l<nowiedge from 
the insoient. 

1 6 Behold the eyes of the Lord have compassion on the good, 

17 and his mercy is great over those who giorify him; from an evil 
time he saves [their] souls. 

1 8 [Bless] the Lord who redeems the humble from the hand of 
str[angers] [and deliv]ers [the perfect from the hand of the 
wicked;] 

1 9 [who lifts up a horn out of Ja]cob, and a judge [out of Israel]. 

20 [He desires his tabernacle in Zion, and chooses Jerusalem for 
ever.] 



SyriacPsalm in =Psalm 155 

I . XXIV O Lord, I have called to Thee, hear me. 

2. 1 have spread out my hands towards Thy holy dwelling-place. 

3. Turn Thine ear and grant me my request, 

4. and do not withhold my plea from me. 

5. Construct my soul and do not cast it away, 

6. and do not leave it alone before the wicked. 

7. May the true judge turn away from me the rewards of evil. 

8. Lord, do not judge me according to my sins, for no living man is 
righteous before Thee. 

9. Lord, cause me to understand Thy Law and teach me Thy 
judgements. 

10. And the multitude shall hear of Thy deeds, and peoples shall 
honour Thy glory. 

I I . Remember me and forget me not, and bring me not to 



unbearable hardships. 

12. Put away from me the sin of my youth, and may my sins not be 
remembered against me. 

1 3. Lord, cieanse me from the evil plague, and let it not return to 
me. 

14. Dry up its roots within me, and permit not its leaves to flourish 
in me. 

1 5. Lord, Thou art glory; therefore my plea is fulfilled before Thee. 
1 6. 6 To whom shall I cry so that he will grant it to me? What more 

can the po[wer] of the sons of men do? 
1 7. From before Thee, O Lord, comes my trust. I cried to the Lord 

and he answered me; he healed the brokenness of my heart. 
18.81 was sleepy [and I] slept; I dreamt and also [I awoke]. 

1 9. [Lord, Thou didst support me when my heart was stricken, and 
I called upon the Lor]d [my saviour]. 

20. Now I will see their shame; I have relied on Thee, and I will not 
be ashamed. (Render glory for ever and ever.) 

21 . Redeem Israel, Thy pious one, O Lord, and the house of 
Jacob, Thine elect. 



Prayer for Deliverance 

XIX For no worm thanks Thee, rxjr a maggot recounts Thy loving- 
kindness. 

Only the living thank Thee, all they whose feet totter, thank Thee, 
when Thou makest known to them Thy loving-kindness, and causest 
them to understand Thy righteousness. 

For the soul of all the living is in Thy hand; Thou hast given breath to 
all flesh. 

O Lord, do towards us according to Thy goodness, according to the 
greatness of Thy mercies, and according to the greatness of Thy 
righteous deeds. 

The Lord listens to the voice of all who love his name arxJ does not 
permit his loving-kindness to depart from them. 



Blessed be the Lord, doer of rigliteous deeds, who crowns his pious 
ones with ioving-i<indness and mercies. 

My soul shouts to praise Thy name, to praise with jubilation Thy 
mercies, to announce Thy faithfulness; there is no limit to Thy praises. 

I belonged to death because of my sins, and my iniquities had sold 
me to Sheol. 

But Ttiou didst save me, O Lord, according to the greatness of Thy 
mercies, according to the greatness of Thy righteous deeds. 

I, too, have loved Thy name, and have taken refuge in Thy shadow. 

When I remember Thy power, my heart is strengthened and I rely on 
Thy mercies. 

Forgive my sins, O Lord, and purify me of my iniquity. 

Grant me a spirit of faithfulness and knowledge; let me not be 
dishonoured in ruin. 

Let not Belial dominate me, nor an unclean spirit; let pain and the 
evil inclination not possess my bones. 

For Thou, O Lord, art my praise, and I hope in Thee every day My 
brethren rejoice with me and the house of my father is astounded by 
Thy graciousness. 

... for ever I will rejoice in Thee. 



Apostrophe to Z/on 

XXIII will remember you, O Zion, for a blessing; 

with all my might I love you; 

your memory is to be blessed for ever. 

Your hope is great, O Zion; 

Peace and your awaited salvation will come. 

Generation after generation shall dwell in you, 

and generations of the pious shall be your ornament. 

They who desire the day of your salvation 

shall rejoice in the greatness of your glory. 

They shall be suckled on the fullness of your glory, 

and in your beautiful streets they shall make tinkling sounds. 



You shall remember the pious deeds of your prophets, 

and shall glorify yourself In the deeds of your pious ones. 

Cleanse violence from your midst; 

lying and Iniquity, may they be cut off from you. 

Your sons shall rejoice within you, 

and your cherished ones shall be joined to you. 

How much they have hoped In your salvation, 

and how much your perfect ones have mourned for you? 

Your hope, O ZIon, shall not perish, 

and your expectation will not be forgotten. 

Is there a just man who has perished? 

Is there a man who has escaped his Iniquity? 

Man Is tried according to his way, 

each Is repaid according to his deeds. 

Your oppressors shall be cut off from around you, O ZIon, 

and all who hate you shall be dispersed. 

Your praise Is pleasing, O ZIon; 

It rises up In all the world. 

Many times I will remember you for a blessing; 

I will bless you with all my heart. 

You shall attain to eternal righteousness, 

and shall receive blessings from the noble. 

Take the vision which speaks of you, 

and the dreams of the prophets requested for you. 

Be exalted and Increase, O ZIon; 

Praise the Most High, your Redeemer! 

May my soul rejoice In your glory! 



Hymn to the Creator 



XXVI The Lord Is great and holy, the Most Holy for generation after 

generation. 

Majesty goes before him, and after him abundance of many waters. 
Lovlng-klndness and truth are about his face; truth and Judgement and 



righteousness are the pedestal of his throne. 

He divides iight from obscurity; he establishes the dawn by the 
knowledge of his heart. 

When all his angels saw it, they sang, for he showed them that which 
they had not known. 

He crowns the mountains with fruit, with good food for all the living. 

Blessed be the master of the earth with his power, who establishes 
the world by his wisdom. 

By his understanding he stretched out the heaven, and brougfit forth 
[wind] from his st[ores]. 

He made [lightnings for the rai]n, and raised mist from the end [of the 
earth]. 



An Account of David's Poems 

XXVII David son of Jesse was wise and brilliant like the light of the 
sun; (he was) a scribe, intelligent and perfect in all his ways before 

God and men. 

YHWH gave him an intelligent and brilliant spirit, and he wrote 3,600 
psalms and 364 songs to sing before the altar for the daily perpetual 
sacrifice, for all the days of the year; and 52 songs for the Sabbath 
offerings; and 30 songs for the New Moons, for Feast-days and for the 
Day of Atonement. 

In all, the songs which he uttered were 446, and 4 songs to make 
music on behalf of those stricken (by evil spirits). 

In all, they were 4,050. 

All these he uttered through prophecy which was given him from 
before the Most High. 



Apocryphal Psalms (II) 



(4Q88) 



The last four columns (VII- x) of a fragmentary Psalms manuscript from 
Cave 4 have preserved three apocryphal poems. The first of these 
(cols, vil-vill) Is Identical with 11Q5 XXII already presented (pp. 311- 
12). Of the other two, the first (col. ix) focuses on the final judgement 
and the second (col. x) Is a hymn to Judah. 
For the editio phnceps, see P. W. Skehan etal., DJD, XVI, 102-6. 

IX ... Congregation 

and they shall praise 

the name of the Lord, 

for He has come to judge every action, 

to remove the wicked from the earth 

[so that the sons] of Iniquity shall not be found. 

The heavens [shall give] their dew 

and there shall be no... [within] their [boundarlejs. 

And the earth 

shall [give] Its fruit In Its time 

and Its [prod]uct shall not fall. 

The fruit trees [shall] ... of Its vineyards 

and Its ... shall not He. 

The poor shall eat 

and the God-fearers shall be sated. 

X ... 

Then heaven and earth shall exult together. 
Let all the stars of the evening twilight exult. 
Rejoice, Judah, rejoice! 



Rejoice, rejoice and be giad with giadness! 

Celebrate your feasts and pay your vows 

fortliere is no Beiiai in your midst. 

Raise your hand and fortify your right hand! 

Behoid the enemy shaii perish 

and aii the worl<ers of iniquity shaii be dispersed. 

But Thou, O Lord, art for eve[r]. 

Thy giory shaii be for eve[r and evejr. 

[Ha]ii[eiuiah]. 



Apocryphal Psalms (III) 



(11QapPs^=11Q11) 



Badly worn remains of five columns of a Scroll witli apocryphal psalms, 
at least partly devoted to exorcism, have survived in Cave 1 1 . Most of 
the columns are so poorly preserved that no continuous reading is 
possible. In col. I, where the name of Solomon implies that this was 
one of the poems attributed to him, the repeated use of the term 
'demons' and mention of 'healing' suggest the genre of the 
composition. In col. Ill a 'powerful angel' is mentioned who seems to be 
charged with defeating the demon and casting it to the 'great abyss' 
and the 'nethermost [hell]'. Col. v, 3 — 13 has been recognized as the 
canonical Psalm xci, preceded by small remains of the exorcistic 
poem of col. IV and followed by a liturgical formula, 'And they shall 
an[swer. Amen, amen.] Selah.' All the lacunae of col. IV have been 
conjecturally filled by E. Puech in a French rendering. His presentation 
will be reproduced here in English; it provides a possible general 
understanding of the text, but with no guarantee that any of the restored 
details is correct. 

For preliminary editions, see J. P. M. van der Ploeg, 'Un petit 
rouleau de psaumes apocryphes (IIQPsAp^)', in G. Jeremias eta/., 
eds.. Tradition und Glaube (K. G. I<uhn Festschrift) (Gottingen, 1971), 
128-39; E. Puech, 'Les deux derniers psaumes davidiques du rituel 
d'exorcisme, IIQPsAp^ IV 4-v 14', in D. Dimant and U. Rappaport, 
eds., The Dead Sea Scrolls: Forty Years of Research (Leiden, 1 992), 
64-89; of. esp. pp. 68-9. For theecfrffo pririceps, see F. Garcia 
IVIartinezef a/., DJD, XXIII, 181-205. 

Ill ... 

Who [has] pe[rformed these signs] and marv[els on] the earth? 



The Lord is the one [who] performed th[ese through] His [might]. 
He adjures aii [His] a[ngeis] and aii the see[d of hoiiness] who stand 
before [Him, 

and mal<es aii the hea]vens testify and the whoie earth 

[against those] who sinned against [aii men], 

and acted [wicl<ediy] against every hu[man. 

And] they l<now [the mysteries of] His m[arveis] which they do not... 

[and they fear] the Lord... to l<iii... 

... the Lord... the Lord... 

and they wiii fear that great biow. 

IV. .. 

The Lord wiii strii<e you with a [grea]t b[iow] for your destruction... 

and in iHis anger He wiii send against you 

a mighty angei [to execute] aii His decisions, 

who wiii be [without] mercy on you... against aii these, 

who [wiii tai<e] you [down] to the great abyss, 

[and to] the nethermost [heii.] 

... darl< [in the gr]eat abyss... no more on the earth. 

... for ever, and... by the curse of Abaddon (the bottom of heii) 

...the furious anger of the L[ord].... 

V. .. 

[Ra]phaei heaied them. Amen, amen. Seiah. 

Of David ... [an incan]tation in the name of the Lor[d. 

Caii an]ytime on heav[en], 

for He wiii come to you in the ni[ght, 

and] you wiii say to Him: 

Who are you, [one born of] man 

And of the seed of the ho[iy on]es? 

Your face is a face of in[anity] 

And your horns are horns of dream. 

You are darl<ness and not iight, 

injustice and not righteousness. 

The Prince of the host, the Lord, 



[will send] you [down to the lowest he]ll, 

[and will close the ga]tes of bronze 

through [which n]o light [passes] 

and [the] sun wh[ich rises on the] righteous 

[will] not [enlighten you] ... 

And you will say... 

VI ... 

To David. 0[n words of incanta]tion. [Cry out al]l the time in the name 

oftheLor[d] 

towards heave[n when] Beli[al] comes to you. 
[And sa]y to him: 

Who are you? [Be afraid of] man and of the seed of the ho[ly ones]. 
Your face is a face of [nothin]g and your horns are horns of dr[eam]. 
[You ar]e [d]arkness and not light; [injustic]e and not righteousness. 
[The prin]ce of the h[os]t [is against you]; the Lord [will cast] you [to] 
the nethermost [hell], 

[closed by] bronze ga[tes] through [which n]o light [shall pass]; 
nor [shall shine there the light of the] sun which [will rise] over the 
righteous to il[lumine his face. 
And] you will say: 

Is [there not an angel with the ri]ghteous when Oudgement] comes [for] 
S[atan for] he caused him evil? 

[And the spirit of t]ruth [will save him] from dar[kness because 
righteousness is for him. 

... for ever [all the] son of Bel[ial. Amen, amen.] Selah. 



Non-canonical Psalms 



(4Q380-81) 



Two poorly preserved manuscripts, the first consisting of seven and 
ttie second of 110 fragments, contain apocryphal Hebrew religious 
poetry resembling biblical Psalms more than the Hodayot (IQH) from 
Qumran. Some of them reuse and combine canonical Psalms (e.g. fr 
15 re-employing Pss. Ixxxvi and Ixxxix, and fr. 24, Ps. xviii). Not one 
single line has survived intact and only a few of these largely mediocre 
poems can be translated. Their editor, Eileen Schuller, assigns the 
collection to the Persian-Hellenistic era and considers it to be a pre- 
sectarian composition. Palaeographically the manuscript is dated to 
the first half of the first century BCE. No historical allusions are 
included. Lil<e many of the biblical Psalms, these poems bore titles, 
three of which have been preserved: 'Psalm of Obadlah' (4Q380 111, 
8); 'Hymn of the Man of God' (4Q381 24, 4) and 'Prayer of Manasseh, 
King of Judah when the King of Assyria Imprisoned him' (4Q381 33, 
8). The attrlbufions are no doubt pseudeplgraphlc. Whether Obadlah 
is the minor prophet or the court official mentioned in 1 Kings xviii, 3 
cannot be decided. 
For the editio princeps, see Eileen Schuller, DJD, XI, 75-172. 

4Q380, fr. 1 

I ... [Jeru]salem, that is [the city 

chosen by the L]ord from everlasting to [everlasting.] 

... the holy ones 

[for the na]me of the Lord is called on her, 
[and his glory] is seen on Jerusalem and Zion. 
Who will utter the name of the Lord, 
and who mal<es all his praises heard? 



The Lord [remem]bered him in his favour 
and visited him 

that he might show him the prosperity [of] his [cho]sen 
mai<ing him reOoice in the giadness of his nation] 
(cf. Ps. cvi, 2,4-5). 

II [And] he made for you a man w[ho ... ] 
for he is the one [whose] words they kept 
which are for all the sons of Israel... 
... your hand will [not] save you, 
for the strength of [your] God does good. 
And those (filled with) wicked hatred, 
how long will you delight to do evil? ... 
vacat 

Psalm of Obadiah. 

God... truth is in it, and his loving kindness ... 

Fr. 2 

... mountains and hills... 

All who are founded on it will shake... 

[and they will cry to] the Lord in their distress. 

From their oppression 

He will deliver them. 

For the Lord is gracious to the pious... 

To the man... 

4Q381,fr. I 

... [his wisdom] I have declared, 

and I will meditate on his marvel, 

and it will become my teacher. 

Judgement... of my mouth, 

and to the simple and they will understand, 

and to the senseless and they will know. 

O Lord, how mi[ghty] ... marvels 



He made heaven and earth in his days (?), 

and by his word ... the riverbeds 

He... 

night and st[a]rs and constellations... 

and He caused them to shine ... 

[every] tree and every fru[it of the vineyar]d 

and every produce of the field. 

And according to his words... all... 

mfankind] and by his spirit he established them 

to have dominion overall this, 

over the ground and all [its produce(?)] 

from new moon to new moon, from festival to festival, 

from day to day to eat its fruit, fruit of ... 

... and birds and all that belongs to them 

to eat the best of everything and also... 

... in them and all his hosts and His ange[ls] ... 

to serve man and to minister to him... 

Fr. 15 

... Thou wilt turn my heart ... 

[Turn to me and take pity on me; 

give thy strength to Thy servant] 

and save the son of Thy handmaid. 

Show me [a sign of Thy favour, 

that those who hate me may see and be put to shame 

because Thou,] my [G]od, hast helped me (Ps. Ixxxvi, 16-17) 

and I will prepare (a sacrifice) for Thee, my God. 

... [Thou dost rule the rag]ing of the sea; 

Thou stillest its waves. 

[Thou didst crush Rahab like a carcass, 

Thou didst scatter Thine enemies with Thy mighty arm] 

(Ps. Ixxxix, 10-11). 

[The world and] all that is in it. Thou hast founded them 
(ibid. 12). 

Thou hast a [mighty] arm; strong is Thy hand. 



high Thy right hand (ibid. 14) 

[For who in the sl<ies can be compared to thee,] my God? 

And who among the sons of 'gods' 

and in aii [the councii of the hoiy ones? ... 

... For Thou] art the glory of its majesty. 

As for me, Thine anointed one, I have understood... 

[I wiii mal<e] thee [l<now]n, for Thou hast made me l<now; 

Iwiii have insight, for Thou hast given me insight... 

For on Thy name, my God, we shaii caii, 

and [we shaii wait] for Thy saivation. 

And they wiii put it on iil<e a garment 

and iii<e a dress... 

Fr. 17 

...in spiendour Thou wiit iool< on Judah and... 
My God, Thou wiit swaiiow them up 
And [fire] wiii de[vourthem] ... 

Fr. 24 

... Psaim of the Man of God. 
Lord, God ... 

He has redeemed Judah from aii distress 
and from Ephraim... 
... generation. 

Those who have passed his test wiii praise him 
and say, 'Arise [O God'] ... 
Thy name is my saivation, 

my rocl<, my fortress and [my] refuge [is my God] (Ps. xviii. 
On the day of... i wiii caii on the Lord and he wiii answer me 
my heip... those who hate me. 
And he wiii say,... 

[My c]ry be[fore him] comes to his ears (Ps. xviii, 7) 
[From his tempie he wiii hear my] voi[ce]. 
[And] the earth wiii [re]ei [and rocl<. 



and the foundations of the mountains trembie... for he is 
angry. 

Smol<e went up from his nostriis (Ps. xviii, 7-9) ... 

Fr. 31 

... in the net which they have conceaied ... 
I wiii sing to ... 

I wiii meditate over Thy wonders 
for to ... before Thee... 

Thou dost save me and iift me up from the tents of death 

... before aii ... 

Aii its ways come to ... 

in a hoiy piace ... [Seiah.] vacat 

... [Prayer of... I<]ing of Judah. 

Hearo [my] Go[d] ... 

I wiii recount before those who fear Thee... 
Who can understand Thy [th]oughts? 
For my oppressors have increased before Thee. 
Thou hast l<nown them 

and Thou hast subdued the enemies of my soui before 
Thine e[yes]. 
For i wiii iive ... 

[and] Thou shait [not] conceai my iniquity to those with 
understanding. 

Thou shait siay them (the enemies) O God of my saivation. 

The days of my existence are treasured up. 

What can a man say (but) 'Here i am' ? 

And how [dost Thou deiiver] to the sword 

those who wait for me, 

those who say. .. on the day of wrath? 

They have woven a crown for my head. 

For their giory is a spiendid piiiar... 

... from the Bool< of ii[fe]. 

Those who frighten me wiii be cut off 

And my enemies wiii finish ... 



.. a song and thanksgiving ... 

Fr. 33 



... Rise [above the heaven]s, O Lord, 

and [my] God ... 

And iet us giory in Thy might 

for [Thy wonders] are inscrutabie 

... Thou Shalt piace me 

and Thy chastisement wili be my Ooy]. 

... everlasting and to extol. Thee. 

For my sins have become too many for me... 

But Thou, my God, shalt send Thy spi[rit] 

[and Thy mercy] 

to the son of Thy handmaid 

and Thy loving-kindness to the servant who is near Thee ... 
I will exult and rejoice in Thee before those who fear [Thee], 
for [Thou shalt judge] Thy servants in Thy righteousness, 
and according to Thy loving-kindness 
... to save ... to thee. Selah. 
vacat 

Prayer of Manasseh, King of Judah whenthe King of Assyria 
gaoled him. 

... [my Gjod ... my salvation is near in Thine eyes ... 

I wait for Thy delivering presence, 

and I feel faint before Thee because of my s[in]. 

For [Thou hast] enlarged [Thy mercies(?)], 

and I have multiplied guilt. 

And thus ... 

from eternal joy 

and my soul shall not see goodness ... 
He has lifted me up on high 
above a nation ... 

And I did not remember thee [in Thy placje of h[oliness]; 
I did not serve [Thee] ... 



Fr. 45 



... I will make understand 

I fear Thee and will cleanse myself 

Of abominations known to me. 

I give my soul to be humbled before Thee. 

They have multiplied sin 

And they plot against me to imprison me. 

But I have trusted Thee ... 

And do not judge me, my God, ... 

Those who conspire against me 

Let loose their lying tongue ... 

Fr. 46 

... [fjools. 

... Thy precepts and Thy splendour and Thy beauty ... 
and like clouds they spread over the fa[ce] of the earth. 
They will be scattered greatly until ... 
Man will not be strong and will not rise 
... [and] Thou hast [t]ested all. 

And the elect, like offerings. Thou wilt purify before Thee, 

but the hated ones Thou wilt reject like impurity. 

And a stormy wind ... their [pjractice. 

And those who fear Thee shall be before Thee always. 

(Their) horns are horns made of iron to gore many, 

and they will gore ... 

And Thou wilt make their hoofs of bronze 

but sinners like dung shall be trampled upon the ground ... 

Fr. 69 

... When he saw that the peoples [of the la]nd behaved 

abominably, 

... all the land (turned) wholly into impure uncleanness, 

and from the beginning marvellously ... he consulted his heart 



to destroy them from it (the land) and make on it a 
[hoiy(?)] peopie. 

... in you and he gave you through his spirit prophets 
to instruct and teach you ... 

... your [God(?)] descended from heaven and spol<e to you 

to instruct you and bring you bacl< 

from the worl<s of the inhabitants [of the iand]. 

... [prejcepts, iaws and commandments 

he established through a covenant by the hand [of Moses]. 

... dwelt (?) on the land. Then it will be cleansed and ... 

... to consideryou whether you will be his. 

And if [not,] ... 

And to breach the covenant which he made with you 

and to become a stranger and not ... 

... over wickedness and to change the words of his mouth ... 

Frs. 76-7 

... [the congregati]on of the Holy of Holies 

and the lot of the King of Kings ... 

... my words and they will consider the wisdom 

which is issued from my mouth. 

... and a true judge and faithful witness. 

Is there strength in you to answer Him ... 

... to hear. 

... Who among you will answer and stand up against his 
rebuke? ... 

... For you have many judges and countless (hostile) witnesses. 

But ... the Lord will sit in judgement against you, 

judging truly and without injustice ... 

... his spirits to pronounce on you true judgements. 

Is there understanding for you to learn ... ? 

... Lord of lords, mighty and marvellous and none is like him. 

He has chosen y[ou instead of powerjful [peoples] 

and great nations to be his people to rule over all ... 

... [heajven and earth 



and as the highest above all the nations of the earth ... 



Lamentations 



(4Q]179,4Q501) 



Several fragments of a poem inspired by the biblical Book of 
Lamentations have been preserved in Cave 4 (4Q179). Only fragment 
2 offers a text long enough for intelligible translation. See J. IV1. Allegro 
and A. A. Anderson, DJD, V, 75-7; of J. Strugnell, RQ 7 (1970), 250- 
52. A second work of a similar nature (4Q501) has appeared in IVI. 
Baillet, DJD, VII, 79-80. Both texts are dated to the second half of the 
first century BCE. 

4Q179,fr. 2 

[How] solitary [lies] the city, 

the princess of all the peoples is desolate 

like a forsaken woman; 

and all her [daughters are forsak[en] 

[like] a forsaken woman, 

like a woman hurt and forsaken 

by her [husband]. 

All her palaces and [her] wal[ls] are 

like a barren woman; 

and like a sheltered woman 

are all [her] paths; 

[all her] ... 

like a woman of bitterness, 

and all her daughters are like women 

mourning for [their] hus[bands]; 

[all her] ... like women 

deprived of their only children. 

Weep, weep, Jer[usalem] 



[her tears flow] upon her cheeks 
because of her sons ... 

4Q501 

Give not our inheritance to strangers, 

nor our (hard-earned) property to foreigners. 

Remember that we are [the forsal<en] of Thy peopie 

and the forsal<en of Thine inheritance. 

Remember the desoiate children of Thy Covenant... 

T[hy] freeiy devoted ... ; 

they err with no one to bring them bacl<; 

they are brol<en with none to bind them; 

[they are bent down with none to ra]ise them up. 

The damned of Thy peopie have surrounded me 

with their iying tongues. 

They have been turned ... 

and Thy boughs to the progeny of a woman. 

Lool< and see the shame of the sons of [Thy peopie (?), 

for] our sl<in [is burning] 

and feverish heat has seized us 

because of their reviiing tongue. 



Songs for the Holocaust of the Sabbath 



(4Q400— 407, 11Q17, Masada 1039-200) 



Fragments of a document concemed with heavenly worship were first 
published by J. Strugnell under the titie 'The Angelic Liturgy, Congress 
Volume Oxford, Supplements to Vetus Testamentum, VII (Leiden, 
1960), 318-45. The full material, viz. eight very damaged manuscripts 
from Cave 4 (4Q400-407), small fragments from Cave 11 (11Q17) 
and a large fragment from Masada (1039-200), was subsequently 
edited by Carol Newsom in DJD, XI, 173-401. For 11Q17 see F 
Garcia IVIartinez etal., DJD, XXIII, 259-304. 

From the point of view of palaeography all the manuscripts are 
dated to the first century BCE, with the exception of the IVlasada 
fragment, which belongs to the first half of the first century CE. The 
songs contain angelic praises of God assigned to the first thirteen 
sabbaths, i.e. the first quarter of the solar year. They imply the 
simultaneity of heavenly and earthly worship. Although often obscure, 
the poems depict the celestial sanctuary, the throne-chariot, and the 
various groups participating in the angelic liturgy; they also Include the 
words of the benedictions sung by the seven archangels. 

The main source of inspiration is the Book of Ezekiel, especially 
chapters i and x in connection with the throne-chariot and xl-xlviii for the 
heavenly sanctuary. 

The songs include nothing that can be dated. On the basis of the 
script and on general grounds the composition is said to belong to the 
first century BCE. 

The Merkabah, or divine throne-chariot, was a central subject in 
ancient and medieval Jewish esotericism and mysticism. Hence this 
early post-biblical manifestation of the speculation Is of considerable 
historical importance for the study of the so-called Merkabahmystidsm 
and of the Hekhaloth ('heavenly palaces') literature. It is noteworthy 



that the Mishnah prohibits the use of Ezekiel's passage about the 
chariot as a prophetic reading in synagogue (Megillah IV, 10) or even 
its discussion in private, unless with a sage already familiar with the 
subject (Hagigah 11, 1 ). 

The presence of this Qumran document in the fortress of Masada is 
best explained by assuming either that a number of Essenes joined 
the revolutionaries and took with them some of their manuscripts, or 
that the rebels occupied the Qumran area after its evacuation by the 
Community and later transferred some Essene manuscripts to their 
final place of resistance. 



4Q400 fr. I i 



[To the iVlaster Song of the holocaust of the] first [Sabbajth, on the 
fourth of the first month. 

Praise [the God of ... ] the 'gods' (= elohim) of supreme holiness; in 
[his] divine [kingship, rejoice. For he has established] supreme 
holiness among the everlastingly holy, the Holy of Holies, to be for him 
the priests of [the inner Temple in his royal sanctuary], ministers of the 
Presence In his glorious innermost Temple chamber In the 
congregation of all the gods (= elim) of [knowledge, and in the 
congregation of all the 'gods' of] God, he engraved his precepts for all 
the spiritual works, and [his glorious] judgements [for all who lay the 
foundations of] knowledge, the people (endowed with) his glorious 
understanding, the 'gods' who are close to knowledge ... of eternity 
and from the fountain of holiness to the sanctuary of supreme [holiness] 
... prie[sts] of the inner Temple, ministers of the Presence of the [most] 
holy King ... his glory. They shall grow in strength decree by decree to 
be seven [eternal councils. For he fojunded them [for] himself as the 
most [holy who minister In the hjoly of holies ... do not endure [those 
who perjvert the way. There is [njothing impure in their sanctuaries. He 
engraved for them [precepts relating to ho]ly gifts; by them, all the 
everlastingly holy shall sanctify themselves. He shall purify the 
[luminously] pure [to repajy all those who render their way crooked. 



Their expiations shall obtain his goodwill for all those who repent from 
sin... knowledge among the priests of the inner Temple, and from their 
mouth (proceed) the teachings of the holy with the judgements of [his 
glory] ... his [grajces for everlasting merciful forgiveness. In his zealous 
vengeance ... he has established for himself as priests of the inner 
Temple, the most holy ... of gods, the priests of the highest heights who 
are near [to] ... 



4Q4002 (4Q401, fr. 14, 7-8) 

... wonderfully to extol Thy glory among the divine beings of knowledge, 
and the praises of Thy kingship among the most ho[ly]. More 
wonderfully than 'gods' and men they are glorified amid all the camps 
of the 'gods' and feared by companies of men. They recount his royal 
majesty according to their knowledge and exalt [his glory in all] his 
royal heavens. In all the highest heights [they shall sing] marvellous 
psalms according to all [their understanding, and the glorious 
splendour] of the King of the 'gods' they shall recount on their stations 
... for what shall we be counted among them? For what shall our 
priesthood be counted In their dwellings? [How shall our] ho[liness 
compare with their supreme] holiness? How does the offering of our 
tongue of dust compare with the knowledge of the divine [beings] ... 
our jubilation. Let us extol the God of knowledge ... Holy of Holies and 
His understanding is above all those who possess knowledge ... 



4Q402, fr. 4, 9-10 

... 'gods' run to his visitation and the voice of a crowd ... of 'gods' in the 
war of heaven. And it will be ... 



4Q402 4, 11-15=MASADA FRAGMENT 1,1-7 



... wonderful new works. All these he has done wonder[fully with all the 
eternally hidden things] ... all the words of knowledge; for from the God 
of knowledge (comes) all that exists for ever, [and from] his [plan]s 
(come) all the eternally appointed. He produces the former things in 
their appointed times, and the latter things in their seasons. IMone 
among those who know the [wonderfully] revealed things can 
comprehend them before he makes them. When he makes them, none 
of [the doers of righteousjness can understand his plan, for they are his 
glorious works. Before tliey come into being, (they derive) [from] his 
[pla]n. 

[For the IVIaster. So]ng of the holocaust of the sixth Sabbath on the 
ninth of the [second] month. 

[Praise the Gjod of gods, you inhabitants of the highest heights... 
[h]oly of holies and exalt his glory ... [knjowledge of the everlasting 
gods ... 



4Q403 1, i, 1-29 (4Q404-5)=MASADA FRAGMENT 
1039-200 

[Psalm of exaltation (uttered) by the tongue] of the third of the 
sovereign Princes, an exaltation ... He shall exalt the God of the angels 
on high seven times with seven wonderful exaltations. 

Psalm of praise (uttered) by the tongue of the four[th] to the Mighty 
One above all the [gods], seven wonderful mighty deeds. He shall 
praise the God of mighty deeds seven times with seven words of 
[marvellous] prais[e]. 

Psalm of thanksgiving (uttered) by ttie tongue of the fifth to the 
[K]in[g] of glory with its seven wonderful thanksgivings. He shall thank 
the God of glory se[ven times with se]v[en wor]ds of wonderful 
thanksgivings. 

[Psalm ofl exultation (uttered) by the tongue of the sixth to [the] God 



of goodness with its seven [wonderiul] exultations. He shall exult before 
the Ki[ng of] goodness seven times with sev[en words of] wonderful 
exultation. 

Psalm of [singing (uttered) by the t] ongue of the seventh of the 
[sovereign] Prin[ces], a powerful song [to the Go]d of ho[liness] with its 
se[ven] marvellous [songs]. He shall sing [to] the Kin[g of ho]liness 
seven times with [seven w]ords of [wonderful] so[ngs; sevjen psa[lms 
(singing) his blessings; sev]en [psalm]s of magnification of [his 
righiteousness; seven psalms] of exaltation of [his] kingshi[p; seven] 
psalms of [praises of his glory; sevjen p[salms of thanksgivings for his 
marvellous deeds]; [seven psalms of ex]ul[tation of] his power; seven 
[psalms singin]g his holiness; ... [seven times with seven wonderful 
words, words of exaltation of the Sovereign Princes.] 

In the glo[ri]ous name of God, [the first of] the sov[erei]gn Princes 
sha[ll bless] all the ... [with seven wonderful words blessing all] their 
[councils] in [his holy] sanctuary [with sev]en wonderful wo[rd]s, [and he 
shall bless those who kn]ow the everlasting things. 

[In the name of] his truth, [the second of the sovereign Princes shall 
bless] all [their] sta[tions with] se[ven] wonderful word[s and he shall 
bless with] seven [wonderful] words. [He shall bless all those who exalt 
the] King with seven g[lor]iou[s] w[ords of his] marvels, [all the] eternally 
pure. 

[In the name of] his exalted kingship, the third [of the sovereign 
Princes shall bless all who are lif]ted up [in kn]owledge with se[ven 
w]ords of exal[ta]tion ... [of his true kn]ow[ledge], he shall bless with 
seven marvellous words; and he shall bless all [who are destined] for 
righteousness [with seven] wonderful [w]ords. 

In the name of the King's majesty [the fourth] of the [sovereign] 
Princes shall bless with seven [majestic] words [all who] walk 
[upjrightly He shall bless all the gods [close to] true knowledge [with 
sevejn righteous words (for gaining) [his gl]o[rious] favours. 

In the name of [the majesty] of his marvellous deeds, the fifth 
[sovereign] Prince shall bless with seven [words] of his exalted truth [all 
who] ... purity. [He shall bless] all who eagerly do his will with seven 
[marvellous words. And he shall bless] all who confess him with seven 
majestic [worjds that they may thank [him forever]. 



In the name of [the mighty deeds of] the gods the sixth sovereign 
Prince shall bless with seven words of his marvellous mighty deeds all 
who are mighty in wisdom. He shall bless all the perfect of way with 
seven marvellous words to be in attendance for [ever]. He shall bless 
all who wait for him with seven marvellous words that they may obtain 
the return of his [gracious] favours. 

In the name of his holiness, the seventh of ttie sovereign Princes 
shall bless with seven words of his marvellous holiness all the holy 
founders of kno[wledge. He shall bless] all wtK> exalt his statutes with 
sev[en] marvellous [wo]rds (which shall be for them) stout shields. He 
shall bless all [who are destined for] righteousness [arxl always] 
forever [pra]ise his glorious kingship with seven [marvellous words] for 
everlasting peace. 

In [the name of his holiness] all the [sovereign] Princes [shall bless 
together] the God of the divine beings [in] all their sevenfold 
t[estimonies]. They shall bless those destined for righteousness and all 
the blessed... the eter[na]ll[y ble]ssed for them. 

Blessed be [the] Lo[r]d, the Kin[g of] all, who is above all blessing 
and p[raise. He shall bless all the holy] who bless [him and proclaim 
him righ]te[ous] in the name of his glory. [And he shall b]less all who 
are blessed for ever. 



4Q403 I, i, 30-46 (4Q405) 

For the Master. Song of the tiolocaust of the seventh Sabbath on the 
sixteenth of the month. 

Praise the most high God, O you high among all the gods of 
knowledge. Let the holy ones of the 'gods' sanctify the King of glory, 
who sanctifies by his holiness all his holy ones. 

O Princes of the praises of all the 'gods', praise the God of majestic 
praises. 

For in the splendour of praises is the glory of His kingship. 

In it are (contained) the praises of all the 'qods' toqettier with the 



splendour of all [His] klng[shlp]. 

Exalt His exaltation on high, O 'gods', above the gods on high, and 
His glorious divinity above all the highest heights. 

For He ps the God of gods], of all the Prirx^s on high, and the King 
of klng[s] of all the eternal councils. 

By a discerning goodwill (expressed by) the words of His mouth a[ll 
the gods on high] come into being, at the opening of His lips, all the 
eternal spirits, by His discerning goodwill, all His creatures in their 
undertakings. 

Exult, O you who exult [in his knowledge, with] an exultation among 
the wonderful 'gods'; 

utter His glory with the tongue of all who utter knowledge; 

may His wonderful exultation be in the mouth of all who utter [His 
knowledge]. 

[For He] is the God of all who exult in everlasting knowledge, 

and the Judge through His might of all the spirits of understanding. 

Celebrate O all celebrating gods, the King of majesty, for all the 
gods of knowledge celebrate His glory, 

and all the spirits of righteousness celebrate His truth, and seek 
acceptance of their knowledge by the judgements of His mouth, 

and of their celebrations when His migtrty hand executes (?) 
judgements of reward. 

Sing to the God of power with an offering of the princely spirit, a 
song of divine joy, 

and a jubilation among all the lioly, a worKlerlul song for eter[nal] 
rejoicing. 

With these all the f[oundations of the holjy of holies shall praise, 
the pillars bearing the highest abode, and all the corners of its 
structure. 

Sing to the Go[d who is ajwesome in strength ... 

to extol together ttie splendid firmament, the supreme purity of [His] 

holy sanctuary. 

[Praise] Him, O divine spirits, pral[slng for ever and] ever the 
firmament of the highest heavens, 
all ... and its walls, a[l]l its [structure, its shape. 
[The spijrits of the hol[y] of holies, the living 'gods', [ttie spir]its of 



[eflernal holiness above all the holy [ones]; 

... marvellous marvel, majesty and beauty and marvel. 

[GI]ory is in the perfect light of Icnowledge ... in all the marvellous 
sanctuaries. 

The divine spirits suriDund ttie dwelling of the King of truth and 
righteousness; all its walls ... 



4Q403 I, ii, 6-29 

... and from among them run 'gods' with the appearance of coals of 
[fire] ... wall<ing round about, most holy spirits ... Holy of Holies, divine 
spirits, ever(lasting] appearances ... and divine spirits, forms of flaming 
fire round about it ... wonderful spirits. And the chief dwelling on high, 
the glory of His kingdom, the innermost sanctuary ... And He 
consecrates the seven elevated holy places. And a voice of blessing 
(comes) from the chiefs of His Innermost sanctuary ... And a glorious 
voice of blessing ... is heard by God (the 'gods') and the foundations ... 
of blessing. And all the ornaments of the innermost sanctuary burst into 
wonderful prayers in the Innermost sanctuary ... of wonder, one 
innermost sanctuary to another, by the voice of holy crowds, and all 
their ornaments ... And the chariots of His innermost sanctuary will utter 
praises together and their cherubim and wheels will bless wonderfully 
the chiefs of the 'godiy figure and will bless Him in the holy innermost 
sanctuary, vacat 

For the Master. Song of the holocaust for the eighth Sabbath on the 
tw[enty]-third [of the second month]. 
[Praise the God of all the highest heights, all the txjly ones for ever] 

and ever, 

they who are second among the priests of the Inner Temple, the 
second council in the wonderful dwelling, with seven words of ... 
eternally. 

Extol Him, O sovereign Princes, in his marvellous portion, praise 
[the God of gods, O you seven priesthoods of His inner Temple]. 
... height, the seven wonderful domains by ttie precept concerning 



His sanctuaries. 

Tlie sovereign Princes of the [wonderful] priest[hood] ... tine seven 
priest[hoods] in the wonderful sanctuary for seven councils of holiness 
... the Prince, the angels of the King in the wonderful dwellings. The 
knowledge of their understanding is for seven ... Prince from the priest 
of the inner Temple. The Princes of the congregation of the King in the 
assembly of ... and praises of exaltation to the King of glory and a 
tower of ... for the God of gods, the King of purity. The offering of their 
tongues ... the seven mysteries of knowledge in the wonderful mystery 
of the seven domains [of] the Ho[ly of holies] ... [The tongue of the first 
shall be seven times stronger than the tongue of the second; the 
tongue of the second shall be] seven times [stronger] than that of the 
third; [the to]ngue of the thi[rd shall be] seven tim[es] stronger [than that 
of the fourth; the tongue of the fourth shall be seven times stronger than 
the tongue of the fifth; the tongue of the fifth shall be seven times 
stronger than the tongue of| the sixth; the tongu[e of the sixth shall be 
seven times stronger than the] t[ongue of the seventh]; the tongue of 
the seventh shall be [seven times] stronger [than the tongue of the 
eighth] ... 



4Q405 14-15, i 



... tongue of blessing from the likeness [of the gods] issues a [v]oice of 
blessing for the King of those who exalt, and their wonderful praise is 
for the God of gods ... their many-coloured ... and they sing ... the 
vestibules by which they enter, the spirits of the most holy Inner Temple 
... [And the llkenejss of the living 'gods' is engraved on the vestibules 
by which the King enters, luminous spiritual figures ... [K]ing, figures of 
a glorious Ipght, wonderful] spirits; [amojng the spirits of splendour 
there are works of (art of) marvellous colours, figures of the living 
'gods' ... [in the] glorious innermost Temple chambers, the structure of 
[the most ho]ly [sanctuary] in the innermost chambers of the King, 
design[s of 'go] ds' ... likeness of ... most holy ... [the Temple] 
chambers of the Ki[ng] ... figur[es of the 'g]o[ds' and from] the likeness 



.. of the Holy of Holies .. 



4Q405 19 ABCD (IIQ17 vii, 5-6) 

The figures of the 'gods' shall praise Him, [the most] h[oly] spirits ... of 
glory; the floor of the marvellous innermost chambers, the spirits of the 
eternal gods, all ... fi[gures of the innermost] chamber of the King, the 
spiritual works of the marvellous firmament are purified w/ith salt, 
[spi]rits of knowledge, truth [and] righteousness in the holy of [hollies, 
[f]orms of the living 'gods', forms of the illuminating spirits. All their 
[works (of art)] are marvellously linked, many-coloured [spirits], artistic 
figures of the 'gods', engraved all around their glorious bricks, glorious 
figures on b[ri]cks of splendour and majes[ty]. All their works (of art) 
are living 'gods', and their artistic figures are holy angels. From 
beneath the marvellous inner[most chambers] comes a sound of quiet 
silence: the 'gods' bless ... the King ... 



4Q405 20 ii, 21—2 

... His glorious chariots. When they go ... they do not turn aside ... but 
advance straight ... 

For the IVIas[ter. Song of the holocaust of] the twelfth [S]abbath [on 
the twenty-first of the third month.] 

[Praise the God of... w]onder, and exalt Him ... of glory in the te[nt of 
the God of] knowledge. The [cheru]bim prostrate themselves before 
Him and bless. As they rise, a whispered divine voice [is heard], and 
there is a roar of praise. When they drop their wings, there is a 
[whispere] d divine voice. The cherubim bless the image of the throne- 
chariot above the firmament, [and] they praise [the majes]ty of the 
luminous firmament beneath His seat of glory. When the wheels 
advance, angels of holiness come and go. From between His glorious 
wheels, there is as it were a fiery vision of most lx>ly spirits. About 



them, the appearance of rivulets of fire in the iii<eness of gleaming 
brass, and a work of ... radiarK« in many-coloured glory, marvellous 
pigments, clearly mingled. The spirits of the living 'gods' move 
perpetually with the glory of the marvellous chariot(s). The whispered 
voice of blessing accompanies the roar of their advance, and they 
praise the Holy One on their way of return. When they ascend, they 
ascend marvellously arxl when they settle, theystarxl still. The sound of 
joyful praise is silenced and there is a whispered blessing of the 'gods' 
in all the camps of God. And the sound of praise ... from among all 
their divisions ... and all their numbered ones praise, each in his turn. 



4Q405 23 i 



... his whole-offering. The 'gods' praise Him [when they take] up their 
station, and aii the s[pirits of] the clear firm[am]ent rejoice in His glory. 
A sound of blessing (is heard) from all His divisions speaking of the 
firmaments of His giory, and His gates praise with a resounding voice. 
When the gods of knowledge enter by the doors of glory, and when the 
holy angels depart towards their realm, the entrance doors and the 
gates of exit proclaim the glory of the King, blessing and praising all 
the spirits of God when they depart and enter by the gates. None 
among them skips over a precept, nor do they ... against the saying of 
the King ... They run not away from the path, nor siip away from His 
domain. They are neither too high for His commission nor too lowly 
For He shaii be compassionate in the realm of His furious, destr[oying 
angejr; He will not judge in the provinces of His glorious wrath. The fear 
of the King of 'gods' is awe-inspiring to [aljl the 'gods', [and they 
undertake] all His commissions by virtue of His true order, and they go 



4Q405 23 ii 



... At their marvellous stations are spirits, many-coloured like the wori< 
of a weaver, splendid engraved figures. In the midst of a glorious 
appearance of scarlet, colours of the most holy spiritual light, they hold 
to their holy station before [the K]ing, spirits of [pure] colours in the 
midst of an appearance of whiteness. The likeness of the glorious 
spirit is like a work (of art) of sparkling fine gold. All their pattern is 
clearly mingled like the work (of art) of a weaver. These are the 
Princes of those marvellously clothed for service, the Princes of the 
kingdom, the kingdom of the holy ones of the King of holiness in all the 
heights of the sanctuaries of His glorious kingdom. The Princes in 
charge of offerings have tongues of knowledge, [arxl] they bless the 
God of knowledge among all His glorious works ... 



IIQ17 viii 



... their [mar]vellous marvels by the power of the God of [eter]nity; and 
they shall exalt the mighty deeds of the G[od] ... From the four 
foundations of the marvellous firmament they shall pr[oclaim] 
soundlessly (?) a divine oracle ... wall. They bless and praise the God 
of gods ... 



Poetic Fragments on Jerusalem and 'King' 
Jonathan 



(4Q448 ) 



Written in a very difficult semi-cursive script, tliis text lias been 
brilliantly deciphered byAda Yardeni and edited by Esther and Hanan 

Eshel. 

The top part of the fragment, or column A, preserving the first two or 
three words often lines, is an unknown Halleluiah psalm. However, the 
last three lines have been identified by E. Eshel, as well as by M. 
Kister, as belonging to the last verses of Psalm 154, included in the 
Psalms Scroll from 11 Q, and partly reconstructed from the Syriac (cf 
J. A. Sanders, DJD, IV, col. XVIII, lines 14-16), and ending with an 
allusion to God's presence inZion-Jerusalem (cf p. 307). 

Column B, with its nine lines, is complete. It opens with a reference 
to the 'Holy City, associated with 'King' Jonathan, but the main theme 
appears to be a blessing of God's kingdom and name on behalf of the 
entire people of Israel. Note that Column A also ends with a mention of 
Zion-Jerusalem. 

Column C, with the second half of each of its nine lines missing, also 
mentions Israel, together with God's name and kingdom, as well as 
what seems to be 'the day of war'. The editors believe that they can 
read 'Jonathan' in line 8, but this is far from certain. 

4Q448 is a unique and significant Qumran text of historical 
importance. The editors assume that King Jonathan is Alexander 
Jannaeus or Yannai, i.e. a Hasmonaean rulerwho, as a general rule, is 
presumed by scholars to have been hostile to the Qumran Community. 
They conjecture, therefore, that4Q448 is not a sectarian composition. I 
prefer, by contrast, to identify 'King' Jonathan as Jonathan 
Maccabaeus at thie start of his political-military career, wfien he was 
celebrated as the liberator of the Jews and of Jerusalem, and link this 



texl to the statement of the Habakkuk Commentary in VIII, 8-9, 
conoeming the good behaviour 'when he first arose' of the ruler who 
was to become the Wicked Priest. The identification of 'King 
Jonathan' with Jonathan Maccabaeus proposed by me is shared also 
by E. Puech. The name 'Jonathan' appears without context on a badly 
damaged fragment designated 4Q523; see E. Puech, DJD, XXV, 75- 
83. The script is dated to 1 50-1 25 BCE, which would suggest ttiat the 
person in question is the Maccabee brottier rather than Alexander 
Jannaeus (103-76 BCE). 

For the editio princeps, see Esther Eshel, Hanan Eshel and Ada 
Yardeni, DJD, XI, 403-25; see also G. Vermes, 'The So-called King 
Jonathan Fragment (4Q448)', JJSAA (1993), 294-300. 



Column A 



Halleluiah. Psal[m ... ] Thou hast loved as a father ... Thou hast acted 
as a prince over ... vacat And those who ha[te Thee... ] fear ... The 
many announce... fear ... And for those who are perfect... [Behold the 
eyes of the Lord have compassion on the good, and His mercy] is 
[great] over those who glorify Him. [From an evil time He saves their 
soul. He redeems] the poor from the hand of oppressors, [and delivers 
the perfect from the hand of the wicked. He desires] his tabernacle in 
Zion, (and) ch[ooses Jerusalem for ever]. 



Column B 



Holy City for King Jonathan and for all the congregation of Thy people 
Israel, who are in ttie four comers of heaven. IVlay the peace of ttiem all 
be on Thy kingdom! IVlay Thy name be blessed. 



Column C 



I will ... [in] Thy love ... during the day and until the evening... to draw 
near to be ... to visit them for a blessing... on Thy name which is 
invoked ... l<ingdom to be blessed... [o]n t[he] day war... to King 
Jonathan (?) ... 



Hymn of Glorification A and B 



(4Q491,fr. 11 ^0471 b) 



Two different versions of the same poem have been preserved. The 
first was originally thought to be part of the War Scroll (M^, 4Q491 , fr 
11) and was identified as 'The Song of Michael and the Just' by its 
editor, M. Baillet. The editor of the second text, Esther Eshel, proposes 
the more likely interpretation that the speaker of the hymn is the 
eschatological high priest, first humiliated by his opponents before 
sharing the glory of the 'gods' or 'holy ones'. The troubled career of the 
last priest is also alluded to in the Aramaic Testament of Levi (4Q541 , 
fr. 9). 

Forthe editio phnceps, see M. Baillet, DJD, VII, 26-30 (4Q491 ) and 
E. Eshel, DJD,XX\, 421 -32 (4Q471 b). 



Glorification Hymn A (4Q491, fr. 11) 

... the righ[teo]us exult [in the streng]th of His might and the holy ones 
rejoice in ... in righteousness ... He has established it in Israel 
Since ancient times His truth and the mysteries of His wisdom (have 
been) in al[l] ... power 

... and the council of the poor into an eternal congregation 
... the perfect... [eflernity a throne of strength in the congregation of 
gods' so that not a single king of old shall sit on it, neither shall their 
noble men... 

My glory is incomparable, and apart from me none is exalted. 
None shall come to me for I dwell in ... in heaven, and there is no... 
I am reckoned with the 'gods' and my dwelling-place is in the 
congregation of holiness. 



[My] des[ire] is not according to tlie flesli, [and] aii tliat I vaiue is in tlie 
giory of... [... the pi]ace of lioiiness. 

Wlio is counted despicable on my account, and wtxj is comparable to 
me in my giory? 

Wlio is iil<e... tlie young (?) iii<e me? 

Is there a companion who resembles me? There is none! 

I have been taught and no instruction resembles [my instruction] ... 

Who shall attack me when [l| op[en my mouth]? And who can contain 

the issue of my lips? 

Who shall summon me to be destroyed by my judgement? ... 

[F]or lam reckoned with the 'gods', and my glory is with the sons of the 

King. 

No pure gold or gold of Ophir ... 



Glorification Hymn B 



(4Q471b) 

I am reckoned with the 'gods' and my dwelling-place is in the 
congregation of holiness. 

Who is counted as me to be despised and who is despised as me? 

And who is like me, forsaken [by men (tea. liii, 3), and is there] a 

companion who resembles me? 

And no instruction resembles my instruction. [For] I sit... 

Who is like me among the 'gods'? 

[And who shall attack me when I open my mouth]? 

And who can contain the issue of my lips? 

And who [shall summon me to be destroyed by my judgement]? 

[For I am] the beloved of the King and the friend of the ho[ly ones]. 

[No-one] ... and no-one is comparable [to my glory]. 

For I [have my station with the 'gods', and my glory is with the sons of 

the King]. 



I will not be cr[owned with pure gold nor with the gold of Ophir] . 



C. Calendars, Liturgies and Prayers 




'Phases of the Moon', Israel Antiquities Authority 



Calendars of Priestly Courses 



(4Q320-30, 337) 



Twelve fragmentary manuscripts from Cave 4, palaeographically dated 
to ttie late second century BCE, present in various forms the peculiar 
'solar' calendar - constructed in six-year sequences - of the Qumran 
Community Their year consisted of twelve months of thirty days each, 
plus four extra days added to each of the four seasons (cf. above, pp. 
78-9). Some documents from 4Q (320 and 321) attempt to combine 
this calendar with the various priestly courses which served in turn in 
the Temple for a week at a time from one sabbath to the following 
Friday They also combine it with the dates of the full moon given 
according to the days of the week of duty of the priestly course, the 
date of the solar month and the equivalent date of the lunar calendar of 
mainstream Judaism (a year of twelve months of 29 or 30 days = 354 
days). E.g. (The full moon falls): 'On the 5th (day) in the week of 
Jedaiah, corresponding to the 29th day of the lunar month, which falls 
on the 30th day of the 1st solar month.' 4Q321 records in addition the 
occurrence of the New Moon. E.g. 'And the New Moon is on the third 
day in the week of Mijamin which is on the twelfth day in the eighth 
month.' An alternative interpretation suggests that the term in question 
(duqah) designates the day after the full moon. 4Q321a is very 
fragmentary, but it seems almost identical to 4Q321 . 

For the editio princeps, see S. Talmon with J. Ben-Dov, DJD, XXI, 
1-156. 

The following table will help readers understand the relationship 
between the priestly courses on weekly duty, the 'solar' dates, the 
moon's phases and the feast-days falling in the month in question. 
First month of the first year in a six-year cycle Sigia: bold 
number=feast; '=New Moon; ''"''=full moon 



S* M T W n F St Cmne Fma 



1^^ 2 3 4 Gamul 

5678 9 10 ■ I Delaiah 

II 13 14 15 16 17' in Maaziih FmonrCmi 

19 ao XI 11 23 34 15 Joiarib 

a( 17 >• a» 30" >dridi WMvoftkeShMf 



Mishmarot A (4Q320) 

Fr. 1 i 

I ... to show it from the east. [And] to cause it to shine [in] the middle of 
heaven, in the foundation [of the creat]ion, from evening till morning. 
(There is full moon) 

On the 4th (day) in the week [of the sons of G]amul in the first month 
of [f/7e firs]tyear. 

[On the 5th (day) in (the week of) Jedai]ah, (corresponding) to the 
29th (day of the lunar month, which falls) on the 30th (day) of the 1st 
(solar month). 

[On the sabbath in (the week of) Hak]koz, (corresponding) to the 
30th (day of the lunar month, which falls) on the 30th of the second 
(solar month). 

[On the 1st (day) in (the week of) Elia]shib, (corresponding) to the 
29th (day of the lunar month), (which falls) on the 29th (day) in the third 
(solar month). 

[On the 3rd (day) in (the week of) Bilg]ah, (corresponding) to the 
30th (day of the lunar month, which falls) on the 28th day in the fourth 
(solar month). 

[On the 4th (day) In (the week of) Petajhiah, (corresponding) to the 
29th (day of the lunar month which falls) on the 27th day in the fifth 
(solar month). 



On the 6th (day) in (the week of) Delaiah, (corresponding) to the 
30th (day of the lunar month which falls) on the 27th (day) in the sixth 
(soiar month). 

[On the sabbath in (the weel< of) Seori]m, (corresponding) to the 
29th (day of the iunar month which fails) on the 25th (day) in the seventh 
(soiar month). 

[On the 2nd (day) in (the week of) Abiah, (corresponding) to the 
3]oth (day of the iunar month which fails) on the 25th (day) in the eighth 
(soiar month). 

[On the 3rd (day) in (the week of) Jakim, (corresponding) to the 2]9th 
(day of the iunar month which falls) on the 24th (day) in the ninth (soiar 
month). 

II On the 5th (day) in (the week of) immer, (corresponding) to the 30th 
(day of the iunar month which falls) on the 23rd (day) in the tenth (soiar 
month). 

On the 6th (day) in (the week of) Jehezekel, (corresponding) to the 
29th (day of the iunar month which fails) on the 22nd (day) in the 
eleventh (solar) month. 

On the 1 St (day) in (the week of) Jelarlb, (corresponding) to the 30th 
(day of the lunar month which falls) on the 22nd (day) in the twelfth 
(solar) month. 

The second year. 

On the 2nd (day) in (ttie week of) IVIalchiah, (corresponding) to ttie 29th 
(day of the lunar month which fells) on the 20th (day) in ttie first (solar 
month). 

On the 4th (day) in (the week of) Jeshua, (corresponding) to the 30th 
(day of the lunar month which falls) on the 20th (day) in the second 
(solar month). 

On the 5th (day) in (the week of) Huppah, (corresponding) to the 
29th (day of the lunar month which falls) on the 19th [in the third] 
(month). 

On the sabbath in (ttie week of) Pizzez, (corresponding) to the 30th 
(day of the lunar month which falls) on the 18th inthef[ourth] (month). 

On the 1st (day) in Gamul, (corresponding) to the [29th (day of the 
lunar month which falls) on the 1 7th day in the fifth] (solar month). 



On the 3rd (day) in (the week of) Jedaiah, (corresponding) to the 
30th (day of the iunar month which faiis) [on the 1 7th (day) in the sixth] 
(soiar month). 

On the 4th (day) in (the weel< of) iVIijamin, (corresponding) to the 2 
[9th (day of the lunar month which falls) on the 1 5th day] in the seventh 
(soiar month). 

On the 6th (day) in Shecaniah, (corresponding) to the 3[oth (day of 
the iunar month which falls) on the 15th (day) In the eighth] (soiar 
month). 

On the sabbath in (the weel< of) Bii[gah, (corresponding) to the 29th 
(day of the lunar month which falls) on the 14th (day) In the ninth] (soiar 
month). 

[On the 2nd (day) in (the weei< of) Petahiah, (corresponding) to the 
30th (day of the iunar month which faiis) on the 13th (day) in the tenth] 
(soiar month). 

Fr.2 

On the 1st (day) in (the weel< of) Je[shua, (corresponding) to the 29th 
(day of the iunar month which faiis) on the 5th (day) in the seventh] 
(soiar month). 

On the 3rd (day) in (the weel< of) Huppah, (corresponding) to the 
30th (day of the iunar month which faiis) on the 5th (day) in the eighth 
(month). 

On the 4th (day) in (the weel< of) Hezir, (corresponding) to the 29th 
(day of the iunar month which faiis) on the 4th (day) in the ninth (soiar 
month). 

On the 6th (day) in Jachin, (corresponding) to the 30th (day of the 
iunar month which faiis) on the 3rd (day) in the tenth (soiar month). 

On the sabbath in (the weei< of) Jedaiah, (corresponding) to the 29th 
(day of the iunar month which faiis) on the 2nd (day) of the eleventh 
(soiar) month. 

On the 2nd (day) [of iVIijamijn, (corresponding) to the 30th (day of the 
iunar month which faiis on) the second day in the twelfth (soiar) month. 



Fr.3i 



II ... the days, the sabbaths [and] the months [for] years and for 
sabbatical years and for jubilees. On the 4th (day) of the week of the 
sons of Gamul. 

Fr. 4 iii 

III The first year its feasts. On the third (day in the week of) Meoziah; 
the Passover. 

On the 1st (day) [in (the week of) Jedapah]: the Waving of the 
[Sheaf]. 

On the 5th (day) in (the week of) Seorim: the [Second] Passover. 
vacat 

On the 1 St (day) i n (the week of) Jeshua: the Feast of Weeks. 
On the 4th (day) in (the week of) Meoziah: the Day of l\/lemorial. 
[On] tfie 6th (day) in Jeiarib: the Day of Atonement [in the] seventh 
[month], vacat 

[On the 4th (day) in (the week of) Jedajiah: the Feast of 
Tabernacles. 

The second (year): its feasts. [On the 3rd (day)] in (the week of) 
Seorim: the Passov[er]. 
[On the 1st (day)] in (the week of) Mijamin: the Waving of the [Sheaf]. 
[On the 5th (day) in (the week of) Abiah: the Second Passover]. 

Fr.4 

IV On the 1 st (day) [in (the week of) H]uppah: [the Feast of W]eeks. 
On the 4th (day) in (the week of) Seorim: the Day of IVIem[orial]. 

On the 6th (day) in (the week of) Malchia[h]: the Day of Ato[nement]. 
On [the 4th (day) in (the week of)] Mijamin: the Feast of Tabernacles. 
vacat 



The third (year): its leasts. On the 3rd (day) in (the week of) Abiah: 
the Passover. 

On the 21st (day) in (the week of) Shecaniah: the Waving of the 
Sheaf. 

On the 5th (day) in (the week of) Jakim: the [Second] Passover. 
On the 1 St (day) i n (the week of) iHezi r: [the Feast of Weeks]. 
On the 4th (day) in (the week of) Abiah: the Day of Memorial. 
On the 6th (day) i n (the week of) Jeshua: the Day of Atonement. 
On the 4th (day) in (the week of) Shecaniah: the Feast of 
Tabernacies. 

Thefourth{year): its feasts. 

V [On the 3rd (day) in (the week of) Jaki]m: the Passover. 

On the 1st (day) [in (the week of) Jeshebeab: the Waving of the 
Sheaf 

On [the 5th (day) in (the week of) im]mer: the Second Passover. 
[On the 1 St (day) in (the week of) Piz]zez: [the Feast] of Weeks. 
[On] the 4th (day) in (the week of) Jakim: the Day of iVIemoriai. 
[On] the 6th (day) in (the week of) Huppah: the Day of Atonement. 
[On the 4th] (day) in (the week of) Jeshebeab: the Feast of 
Tabernacies. vacat 

[The fifth (year): its feasts.] 

On the 3rd (day) in (the week of) immer: the Passover. 
On the 1st (day) in (the week of) Pizzez: the Waving of the Sheaf. 
[On the 5th (day)] in (the week of) Jehezekel: the Second Passover. 
[On the 1 St (day) in (the week of) Joiari]b: the Feast of [Weeks]. 
[On the 4th (day) in (the week of) Immer: the Day of Memorial]. 

VI On the 6th (day) in (the week of) Hezir: the Day of Atonement. 

On the 4th (day) in (the week of) Pizzez: the Feast of Tabernacles. 
vacat 

The sixth (year): its feasts. 

On the 3rd (day) in (the week of) Jehezekel: the Passovfer]. 



On the 1st (day) in (the week of) Gamul: the Waving of the Sheaf. 
[On the 3rd (day)] in (the weel< of) Maaziah: the [Second] Passover. 
On the 1 St (day) in (the weel< of) IVIalchiah: the Feast of [Weel<s]. 
[On] the 4th (day) in (the weel< of) Jehezel<e[l: the Day of Memorial]. 
[On] the 6th (day) in (the weel< of) Jachin; [the Day of Atonement. 
On the 4th (day) in (the weel< of) Gamul: the Feast of Tabernacles] ... 

Mishmarot B (4Q321, fr. 1) 

I [And the New Moon is on the 1st (day) in (the week of) Jedaiah which 
is on the twel]fth (day) in it (=the seventh month). 

On the second (day) in (the week of) Abia[h which is on the] twe[nty- 
fifth (day) in the eighth (month). 

And the New IVIoon is on the third (day) in (the week of) Mijamin 
which is on the twelfth (day)] in (the eighth month). 

On the third (day) in (the week of) Jakim which is on the [twenty]-fou 
[rth (day) in the ninth (month). 

And the New Moon is on the fourth (day) in Shecaniah which is on 
the eleve]nth (day) in (the ninth month). 

On the fifth (day) in (the week of) Immer which is on the thirteenth 
(day) in the ten[th (month). 

And the New Moon is on the sixth (day) in (the week of) Je]shabeab 
[which is on the tenth (day) in (the tenth month)]. 

On [the sjixth (day) in (the week of) Jehezekel which is on the twenty- 
second (day) in the eleventh (month). 

And [the New Moon is on sabbath in (the week of)] Petahiah which 
is [on the ninth (day) in (the eleventh month)]. 

On the first (day) in (the week of) Joiarib which is on the twenty- 
second (day) in the twelfth month. 

And [the New Moon is on the secon]d (day) in (the week of) Delaiah 
[which is on the ninth (day) in (the twelfth month)], vacat 

[The] second (year), the first (month). 

On the second (day) in (the week of) Malchiah which is on the 
twen[tieth (day) in the first (month). 



And] the New Moon [is on the third (day) in (the week of) Harim 
which is on the sejventh (day) in (the first month). 

On the fourth (day) in (the weel< of) Jeshua which is [on] the twentieth 
(day) in the second (month). 

And [the New IVIoon is on the fifth (day) in (the week of)] Hakkoz 
which is on the ninth (day) [in (the second month). 

On the fifth (day) in (the week of) Huppah which is on the nine]teenth 
(day) in the third (month). 

And the New iVlo[on] is on the sixth (day) [in (the week of) E]i[iashib] 
which is on the sixth (day) [in (the third month). 

On the sabba]th in (the week of) Pizzez 

Fr.2 

II [which is on the eighteenth (day) in the fourth (month). 

And the New iVIoon is on the first (day) in (the week of) Immer which 
is on the fifth (day)] in (the fourth month). 

On the first (day) in (the week of) [Gamul, which is on the 
seventeenth (day) in the fifth (month)]. 

[And the New iVIoon is on the second (day) in (the week of) 
Je]hezek[ei which is on the fourth (day) in (the fifth month). 

On the third (day) in (the week of) Jed]aiah which is on [the 
seventeenth (day) in the sixth (month). 

And the New iVIoon is on the fourth (day)] in (the week of) Maoziah 
which is on the fourth (day) in (the sixth month). 

On the fourt[h (day) in (the week of) Mijamin which is on the fifteenth 
(day)] in the seventh (month). 

And the New IVIoon is on the f[ifth (day)] in (the week of) Seorim 
which is on the second in (the seventh month). 

On the sixth (day) in (the week of) Shecaniah which is on the 
fif[teenth (day) in the eighth (month). 

And the New] IVIoon is on the sabbath in Abiah which is on the 
second (day) in (the eighth month). [On the sabbath in (the week of) 
Bilgah] which is on the fourteenth (day) of the ninth (month). 

And the New Moon is [on the first (day)] in the ninth month. 



And the second [New Moo]n is on the third (day) in [(the week of) 
Hezir, which is on the thirty]-first in [(the ninth month). 

On] the second (day) in (the weel< of) Petahiah which is on the 
thir[teenth (day) in the tenth (month)]. 

And the New Moon is on the fourt[h (day) in (the weel< of) Ja]chin 
which is on the twenty-nin[th (day) in (the tenth month)]. 

On [the third (day) in (the weel< of) Delaijah whicli is on the tweifth 
(day) in the eie[venth month. 

And the New] iVIoon is on the sixth (day) in (the week of) Joiarpb 
which is on the tw]enty-ninth (day) in [(the eleventh month)]. 

On the fifth (day) in (the week of) Harim which Is on the tweifth (day) 
of the twelfth month. And the New Moo[n] is on the sabbath [in (the 
week of)] Mijamin which is on the twenty-eighth (day) in (the tweifth 
month). Ttie third (year). The [first] (month). [On the sixth (day) In (the 
week of) Hakkoz which is on the tenth (day)] in the first (month). 

Fr.3 

III And the New iVIoon is on the second (day) in (the week of) 
Shecaniah which is on the twenty-seventh (day) in (the first month). 

On the first (day) in (the week of) Jakim which is on the tenth (day) in 
the second (month). 

And the New iVIoon is on the third (day) in (the week of) Jeshebeab 
which is on the twenty-sixth (day) in (the second month). 

On the second (day) in (the week of) Immer which is on the ninth 
(day) in the third (month). 

And the New Moon is on the fifth (day) in (the week of) Pizzez which 
is on the twenty-sixth (day) in (the third month). 

On the fourth (day) in (the week of) Jehezekel which is on the eighth 
(day) in the fourth (month). 

And the New Moon is on the sixth (day) in (the week of) Gamul which 
is on the twenty-fourth (day) in (the fourth month). 

On the fifth (day) in (the week of) Meoziah which is on the seventh 
(day) in the fifth (month). 

And the New Moojn is on the first (day) in (the week of) Har[im which 



is on the twenty-fourt]h (day) in (the fifth month). 

On the sabbath in (the weel< of) Mal[chiah which is on the seventh 
(day) of the sixth (month). 

And the New Moon is on the second (day) in (the weel< of) Hal<l<oz 
which is on the twenty-third (day) in (the sixth month). 

On the first (day) in (the weel< of) Jeshua which is on the fifth (day)] in 
the seventh (month). 

And the New Moon on the fourth (day) in (the weel< of) Eliashib 
which is on the [twenty-]second (day) [in (the seventh month). 

On the third (day) in (the weel< of) Huppah which is on the fifth (day) 
in the eighth (month). 

And ttie New Moon is in the fifth (day) in (the weel< of) Biigah which 
is on the twenty-first (day) in] (the eighth month). 

On the fourth (day) in (the weel< of) Hezir which is on the fourth (day) 
in the ninth (month). 

And the New Moon is on the sabbath in (the weel< of) J[ehezel<ei 
which is on the twenty-first (day) in (the ninth month). 

On the sixth (day) in (the weel< of) Jachin which is on the third (day) 
in the tenth (month). 

And the New Moon is on the first (day) in (the weel< of) Maaziah 
which is on the nine]teenth in (the tenth month). 

On the sabbath in (the weel< of) Jedaiah which is on the second 
(day) in the eieventh month. 

And the New Moon is [on the third (day) in Seorim which is on the 
nineteenth (day) in (the eieventh month). 

On the second (day) in (the weel< of) Mijamin which is on the second 
(day) in the tweifth month. 

And the New] Moon is on the fourth (day) in (the week of) Abiah 
which is on the eighteenth (day) in (the tweifth month). 

The fourth (year). 

On the fourth (day) in (the weel< of) Shecan[iah which is on the first 
(day) in the first month]. 

And the New Moon is on the sixth (day) in (the weel< of) Jal<im which 
is on the seventeenth (day) in (the first month). 

[On the fifth (day) in (ttie weel< of) Pizzez which is on the thirtieth 



(day) in] the first (montli). 

On the sabbath [in (the week of)] Petahiah which is on the thirtieth of 
the second month. 

And the New Moon is on the first (day) in (the weel< of) Hez[ir which 
is on the seventeenth (day) in it. On the first (day) in (tfie week) of 
Deiaiah, which is on the twenty-ninth] 

Fr.4 

I [On the fifth (day) in the (week) of Jakim which is on the seventh (day) 
in the fifth (month). 

And the N]ew iVIoon is on the first (day) in [(the week of) Biig]ah 
which is on the twe[nty-f|ou[r]th (day) in (the fifth month). 

On the sabbath in (the week of) Hezir which is on the sevent[h (day) 
in the sixth (month). 

And the New iVIoon is on the second (day) in (the week of) Petahiah] 
which is on the twenty-third (day) in (the sixth month). 

On the first (day) in (ttie week of) Jachin which is on the fifth (day) in 
the seventh (month). 

And the New iVIoon is on the fourth (day) [in (the week of) Deiaiah 
which is on the twenty-second (day)] in (the seventh month). 

On the third (day) in (the week of) Joiarib which is on the fifth (day) in 
the eighth (month). 

And the New iVloon is on the fifth (day) in (the week of) Harim [which 
is on the twenty-first (day) in the eighth month. 

On the fou]rth (day) in (the week of) IWalchiah which is on the fourth 
(day) in the ninth (month). 

And the New iVIoon is on the sabbath in (the week of) Abiah which is 
on the [twenty-]first (day) in ([the ninth month). 

On the sixth (day) in (ttie week of) Je]shua which is [on] the third 
(day) in the tenth (month). 

And the New iVIoon is on the first (day) in (the week of) Jakim which 
is on the nineteenth (day) in [(the tenth month). 

On the sabbath in (the week of) Jeshebeab which is on the second 
(day) of the eiev]enth month. 



And the New Moon is on the thi[rd (day) in (the weel< of) Immer] 
which is on the nineteenth (day) in (the eieventh month). 

[On the second (day) in (the week of) Pizzez which is on the second 
(day) in the twei]fth month. 

And the New Moon is on the four[th (day) in (the weel< of) Jehezel<]ei 
which is on the eighteenth (day) [in the twelfth month.] vacat ... (First 
year) 

[in the first] month in (the weel< of) Gamui; [on the thir]d (day) in (the 
weel< of) Ma[aziah: Passover. In (the week of) Jedaiah: the Waving of 
the Sheaf The (first day) of the second (month) is in (the week of) 
Jedaiah; in (the week of) Seorim: the Second Passover. (The first day 
of the) third (month is) in (the week of Hakkoz.] 

V in Jeshua: the Feast of Week[s] is in it. 

[The fou]r[th (month begins) in (the week of) E]iiashib. 

The fifth (month begins) in [(the week of) Biigah. 

The sixth (month begins) in (the week of) J]ehezekei. 

The seve[nth (month begins) in (the week of) Maoziah]. In Maoziah is 
the Day of iVIemoriai. in Joiarib is the Day of Atonement. In Jedaiah is 
[the Feast of] Tabernacies. 

The eighth (month begins) [in (the week of) Seorim]. 

The ninth (month begins) in (the week of) Jeshua. 

The tenth (month begins) in (the week of) Huppah. 

The eieventh (month begins) in (the week of) Hezir. 

The twelfth (month begins) in (the week of) Gamui. vacat 

The second (year). 

The first (month begins) in (the week of) Jedaia[h]. In (ttie week of) 
Seorim is the Passover. In (the week of) iVIijamin is the Waving of the 
Sheaf. 

The second (month begins) in (the week of) i\/l[ijamin. In (the week 
of) Abiah] is the Second Passover. 

The [third (month begins) in (the week of) E]i[iashib] and in (the week 
of) Hu[ppah] is the Feast of Weeks. 

[The] fourth (month begins) [in (the week of) B]iigah. 



The fifth (month begins) in (the weel< of) Petahiah. 

[The sixth (month begins) in (the weel< of) Maaziah. 

The seventh (month begins) in (the weel< of) Seorim. In (the week of) 
Seorim is the Da]y of Memorial. In (the week of) Malchiah [is the Day 
of| Atonement, in (the week of) Mijamin [is the Feast] of Tabemacies. 

[The eighth (month begins) in (the week of) Abiah. 

The ninth (month begins) in (the week of)] Huppah. 

The tenth (month begins) in (the week of) Hezir. 

The eleventh] (month begins) in (the week of) Jachin. 

[The twei]fth mo[nt]h (begins) [in (the week of) Jedaiah]. vacat 

The third (year). 

The first (month begins) in (the week of) IVI[i]am]in. in (the week of) 
Abiah is the Passover, in (the week of) Shecaniah is the Waving of the 
Sheaf 

The se[cond] (month begins) in (the week of) Shecaniah and in (the 
week of) Jakim is the Second Passover. 

The third (month begins) in (the week of) Bilgah. In [(the week of) 
Hez]ir 

Fr.4— 5 

VI [is the Feast] of Week[s. 

The fourt]h (month begins) in [(the week of) Petahiah. 

The fifth (month begins) in (the week of) Deiaiah. 

The sixth (month begins) in (the week of) Seorim. 

in the seventh (month), in (the week of) Abiah is tfie D]ay [of 
Memorial. In (the week of) Jeshua] is the D[ay of Atonement. In (the 
week of) Shecania]h is the Feast of Tabernacles. 

The ei[ghth (month begins) in (the week of) Jakim. 

The ninth (month begins) in (the week of) Hezir. 

The tenth] (month begins) in (the week of) Jachin. 

The ele[venth month begins] in (the week of) Joiarib. 

[The twel]fth month (begins) in (the week of) Mij]amin. 



The fourth (year). 

The first (month begins) in (the weel< of) Shecaniah. In (the week of) 
Jal<im is the Passover. In (the week of) Jeshebeab is the Waving of 
the Sheaf. 

The second (month begins) in (the week of) Jeshebeab. In (the week 
of) lm[mer is the Second Passover. In (the week of) Jachin is the 
Fejast of [Weeks. 

The fourth (month begins) in (the week of) Delaiah. 

The fifth] (month begins) in (the week of) Harim. 

The sixth (month begins) in [(the week of) Abiah. 

The sejventh (month begins) [in (the week of) Jakim]. In (the week of) 
Jaki[m is the Da]y [of Memorial]. In (the week of) Huppah [is the Day of 
Atonement. In (the week of) Jeshebeab is the Feast of Tabernacle]s. 

The eighth (month begins) in (the week of) Immer. 

The ninth (month begins) in [(the week of) Jachin. 

The tenth (month begins) in (the week of) Joiari]b. 

The ele[vent]h [month (begins)] in (the week of) Ma[lchiah. 

The twelfth month (begins) in (the week of) Shecaniah]. vacat 
The fifth [year). 

The f[irst] (month begins) in [(the week of) Jeshebeab. In (the week of) 
Immer] is the Passover. In (the week of) Pi[zzez i]s the Waving of the 
Sheaf. 

The se[cond (month begins) in (the week of) Pizze]z. In Jehezekel is 
the Second Passover. 

The third (month begins) in [(the week of) Delaiah. In (the week of) 
Joiarib is the Feast of W]eeks. 

The f[ourth] (month begins) in (the week of) Harim. 

The fifth (month begins) in (the week of) Hakk[o]z. 

[The si]xth (month begins) in (the week of) Jakim. 

The seventh (month begins) in (the week of) Immer. In (the week of) 
Immer is the Day of Memori[al. In (the week of) Hezir is the Day of 
Atonement. In (the week of) Pi]zzez is the Feast of Tabernacles. 

The eighth (month begins) in (the week of) Jehezekel. 

The ninth (month begins) in (the week of) Joiar[ib] and the tenth 
(month begins) 



Fr.5 



VII [in (the week of) Malchiah. 
The eleventh month (begins) in (the weel< of) Jeshua. 
The twelfth month (begins) in (the week of) Jeshebeab. 

[The sixth (year). 

The first (month begins) in (the week of) Pizzez. In (the week of) 
Jehezekel is the Passover. In (the week of) Gamul Is the Waving of the 

Sheaf 

The second (month begins) in (the week of) Gamul. In (the week of) 
Maaziah is the Second Passover. 

The third month (begins) in (the week of) Harim. In (the week of) 
Malchiah is the Feast of Weeks. 

The fourth (month begins) in (the week of) Hakkoz. 

The fifth (month begins) in (the week of) Eliashib. The sixth (month 
begins) in (the week of) Immer. 

The seventh (month begins) in (the week of) Jehezekel. In (the week 
of) Jehezekel is the Day of IVIemorial. In (the week of) Jachin is the Day 
of Atonement. In (the week of) Gamul i]s the Feast [of Tabernacles. 

The eighth (month begins) in (the week of) Maaziah. 

The ninth (month begins) in (the week of) Malchiah. 

The tenth (month begins) in (the week of) Jeshua]. 

The eleven[th] month (begins) in (the week of) Huppah. 

[The twelfth month (begins) in (the week of) Pizzez]. 

Mishmarot D (4Q325) 



Fr. 1 

[... Passover on the thijrd (day of the week). On the eighteenth (day) in 



(the first month) is the sabbath of [(the weel< of) Joiarib] ... in the 
evening. 

On the twenty-fifth (day) in (the first month) is the sabbath of (the 
weei< of) Jedaiah. During the same weel< is [the Feast] of Bariey on 
the twenty-sixth (day) in (the first month), after the sabbath. 

The beginning of the [second] month [is on the s]ixth [day] of (the 
weeic of) Jedaiah. 

On the second (day) in (the second month) is the sabbath of Harim. 

On the ninth (day) in (the second month) is the sabbath [of Seorim]. 

On the sixteenth (day) in (the second month) is ttie sabbath of 
l\/lalchiah. 

On the twenty-third (day) in (the second month) [is the sabbath of 
IVI]ijamin. 

On the thirtieth (day) in (the second month) is the sabbath of Hal<l<oz. 
vacafThe beginning of the third month after the sabbath 



Fr. 2 

[On the sixth (day) in (the weel< of) Bilgah. On the second (day) in (the 
fifth month) is the sabbath of Ijmmer. On the thi[r]d (day) i[n (ttie fifth 
month) is the Feast of the New Wine after the sabbath of Immer. 

On] ttie ninth (day) in (ttie fifth month) is the sabbath of Hear. [On the 
sixteenth (day) in (the fifth month) is the sabbath of Aphses. On the 
twenty-]third (day) in (the fifth month) is the sabbath [of Petahiah. 

On tlie thirtieth (day) in (the fifth month) is ttie sabbath of Jehezel<el. 
The beginnijng of the sixth month is after ttie sabbath (=Sunday) of 
Jehezel<el. On ttie seventh (day) in (the sixth month) is the sabbath of 
Jachin. On the fou]rteenth (day) [in (the sixth month) is the sabbath of 
Gamul. On the twenty-first (day) in (the sixth month) is the sabbath of 
Delaiah. On the twenty-]second (day) in (the sixth month) is the Feast 
of New Oil. After the Feast of New Oil is ttie Feast of the Offering of 
Wo]od. 



Mishmarot F (4Q328) 



[In the fifth (year): Jeshabe]ab. In the sixth: Hapizzez. 
These are the beginnings of the years. 
[In the first [year]: Gamul, Eliashpb], Moazia[h, Huppah. 
In] the second: Jedaiah, Bilgah, Se[or]im, He[zir]. 
[In the third]: IVIij[amin], Petahiah, Ab[iah, Jachin]. 
[In the fourth: Shecaniah, De]laiah, Jakim, Joia[rib. 
In the fifth: Jeshabeab, Harim, Immer, Malchiah. 
In the s[ixth: Hapizzez, ]... 



Calendrical Document C 



(4Q326) 



In the first (month) on the fourth (day) is Sabbath... 
On the eighth (day) in it [is Sabbath] ... 
On the eleventh (day) in it is Sabbath... 

[On the 14th (day) in it is Passover on the third (day of the week). 
On the 15th (day) in it: the feast of the Unleavened Bread on the 

fourth (day of the week). 
On the 18th (day) is Sabbath. 
On the 25th (day) in it: Sabbath. 

On the 26th (day) in it:] feast of the Gr[ain after the Sabbath. 

In the first month] 30 (days). 

On the second (day) in it: [Sabbath. 

On the ninth (day) in it: Sabbath. 

On the 16th (day)]... 



Calendrical Document D 
(4Q394 1-2) 

This text is line opening of IVIIVIT (Some Observances of the Law) and 
has been dealt with there (see pp. 222-3). 



Calendric Signs (Otot) 



(4Q319) 



The so-called Ototor 'Signs' document was copied as the continuation 
of 4QS^ (4Q259). Whether it was part of the original composition is as 
debatable as the attachment of a calendar to MMT at 4Q394 1-2 (cf. 
above, pp. 222-3). 

4Q319 represents a calendrical system based on the weekly 
rotation of the twenty-four priestly courses during a six-year period and 
constructed into six consecutive Jubilees, i.e. 294 years. The 'sign' 
which recurs in every three years probably identifies the years in which 
the shorter lunar year of 354 days is supplemented by means of the 
intercalation of an extra month of 30 days (3x354+30=1 ,092) to equal 
the length of three 'solar' years of 364 days each (3x364=1,092). 
Palaeographically the manuscript is dated to the first half of the first 
century BCE. 

For the editio princeps, see J. Ben-Dov, DJD, XXI, 199-244. 

Frs. 1-3 

IV... 

... on the fourth (day) of the wee[k] ... 

its light on the fourth (day) of the wee[k] of the creation 

in (the week of) G[amul. 

The sign of Shecaniah: in the fourth (year). 

The sign of Gamul: in the (year) of Release (i.e. the first 

sabbatical year). 

(Second sabbatical cycle): 

[The sign of Shecaniah: in the thijrd (year). 

The sign of [G]amul; in the sixth (year). 



(Third sabbatical cycie): 

Tlie sign [of Sliecaniah: in the second (year). 

The sign of G]amui: [in the fifth (year). 

(Fourth sabbaticai cycie): 

The sig]n of Shecaniah: after the (year of) Reiease. 
The sign of Gamu[i: in the fourth (year). 
The sign of Shec]an[i]ah: 
[in the (year of) Reiease. 

(Fifth sabbaticai cycie): 

The sig]n of Gamui: in the third (year). 

The sign of Shecaniah: [in the sixth (year). 

(Sixth sabbaticai cycie): 

The sign of Gam]ui: [in the second (year). 

The si]gn of She[caniah]: in the fifth (year). 

(Seventh sabbaticai cycie): 
The sign of Gam[ui: after the (year of) Reiease. 
The sign of Shecaniah: in the fou]rth (year). 
The sign of Gamui: in the (year of) Reiease 
(which is) the sign of the en[d of the Jubiiee. 
The signs of the second J]ubiiee: 17 signs. 
Of this in the (year of) Reiease: [2] signs. 

...of the creation... 

[The si]gn of Shecaniah: 

in the second (year). 

[The sign of Ga]mui: in the fifth (year). 

The sign of Shecaniah: after the (year of) Reiease. 

[The sign of Ga]mui: 

Frs. 2—5, 9, 23 



V [in the fourth (year). 

The sign of Shecaniah: in the (year of) Reiease. 

The sign of Gamul: in the thinj (year). 
The sign of Shecaniah: in the sixth (year). 

The sign of Gamul: in the second (year). 
The sign of Shecaniah: in the fifth (year). 
The sign of Gamui: after the (year of) Reieas]e. 
The sign of Shecaniah: in the fo[urth (year). 
The sign of Gamui: in the (year of) Reiease. 

The sign of Shecaniah: in the thijrd (year). 
The sign of Gamui: in the si[xth (year) 
The sign] of Shec[aniah 

(which is) the sign] of the end of the third Jubiiee. 

The signs of the third Jubiiee: 17 signs]. 
Of this in the (year of) Reiease: 2 signs. 

[The sign] of Shecaniah: in the second year. 

[The sign of Gam]ui: in the fifth (year). 

The sign of Shecaniah: after the (year of) Reiease. 

The sig[n of Gamui: in the fourth (year). 

The sig]n of Shecaniah: in the (year of) Reiease. 

The sign of Gamui: in the third (year). 
The sign [of Shecaniah: in the sixth (year). 

The sign of G]amui: in the second (year). 
The sign of Shecaniah: in the fifth (year). 
The sign [of Gamui: after the (year of)] Reiease. 

The sign of Shecaniah: 



in the fourth (year). 

The sign of Gamui: [in the (year of) Reiease. 

The sign] of Shecaniah: in the third (year). 
The sign of Gamui: in the sixth (year). 

The sign of Sheo[aniah: in the second (year). 
The sign] of Gamui: in the fifth (year). 
The sign of Shecaniah: after the (year of) Reiease 
[(which is) the sign of the end of the Jubilee. 

The signs of the] fourth [Jubi]iee: 17 signs. 
Of this in the (year of) Reiease: 2 signs. 

[The sign of Gamui]: in the fourth year. 

The sign of Shecaniah: [in the (year of) Rei]ease. 

The sign of Gamui: in [the third (year). 
The sign of Shecaniah: in the sixth (year). 
The sign of Gamui]: in the second (year). 
The sign of Shecaniah: in the fi[fth (year). 
The sign of Gamui: after the (year of) Reiease. 

The sign of Shecaniah]: in the fourth (year). 
The sign of [Gamui]: in the (year of) Reiease. 

The sign of She[caniah: in the second (year). 

The sign of Gamui: in the fifth (year). 

The sign of Shecaniah]: after the [(year of)] Reiease. 

The sign of Ga[mui: in the fourth (year). 

The sign of Shecaniah: in the (year of) Reiease 

(which is) the sign of the end of the fifth Jubiiee in Jeshebab. 

The signs of the fifth Jubiiee: 16 signs. 
Of this in the (year of) Reiease: 



Frs. 5-8 



VI 3 signs. 

[The sign of Gamul: in the tinird year. 
The sign of Shecaniah: in the sixth (year). 

The sign of Gamul: in] the second (year). 
The sign of Shecaniah: in [the fifth year]. 
The sign of Gamul: after the (year of) Rel]ease. 

[The si]gn of Shecaniah; in the fourth (year). 
The sign of Ga[mul: in the (year of) Release. 

The sign of Shecaniah]: in the third (year). 
The sign of Gamul: in the sixth (year). 

The sign of Shecaniah: [in the second (year). 

The sign] of Gamul: in the f[if]th (year). 

The sign of Shecaniah: after [the (year of) Release. 

The si]gn of Gamul: in [the four]th (year). 

The sign of Shecaniah: in the (year of) Relea[se. 

The sign of Gamul: in] the third (year). 
The si[gn of Shecaniah: in the s]ixth (year) 
(which is) the sign of the end of the sixth Ju[bilee. 

The signs of the sixth] Jubilee: 1 [6 signs]. 
Of this in [the (year o^ Release]: 2 signs 

and for the Jubi[lee]. 

[The sign of Gamul: in the second (year). 
The sign of Shecaniah: in the fifth (year). 



The sign of Gamul: after] the (year of) Relea[se. 

The sign of Shecaniah: in the four]th (year). 
The sign of Gamu[i: in] the (year of) Reiea[se. 

The sign of Shecaniah: in the third (year). 
The sign] of Gamui: in the sixth (year). 

The sig[n of Shecaniah: in] the second (year). 

The si[gn of Gamui]: in the fifth (year). 

The sign of Shecaniah: [after] the (year of) Reiea[se. 

The sign of G]amui: in the fourth (year). 

The sign of Shecaniah: in the (year of) Re[iease. 

The sign] of Gamui: [in the thir]d (year). 
The sign of Shecaniah: in the sixth (year). 

The sign [of Gamui]: in the sec[ond (year). 
The sign of Shecaniah]: in the fifth (year) 
(which is) the sign of the end of the Jubi[iee. 

The signs of the] seventh [Jubiiee] 16 signs. 
Of this in the (year of) Reiease: [2 signs]. 

Sign of the J[ubiiees, 

ye]arof Jubiiees according to [hoiy] day[s]. 

[in Gamui the first (Jubiiee), 

in Jedaiah the] sec[ond], 

in Mijamin the third, [in Shecaniah the fourth] 



'Horoscopes' or Astrological Physiognomies 



(4Q186, 4Q534, 4Q561) 



Three documents from Cave 4, one in Hebrew and two in Aramaic, all 
dating probably to tlie end of the first century BCE, contain fragments 
of 'horoscopes' or, more precisely, astrological physiognomies 
claiming a correspondence between the features and destiny of a 
person and the configuration of the stars at the time of his birth. 

The Hebrew text, published by J. M. Allegro (4Q186), is written in a 
childish cipher. The text runs from left to right instead of the normal 
right to left and uses, in addition to the current 'square' Hebrew 
alphabet, letters borrowed from the archaic Hebrew (or Phoenician) 
and Greek scripts. The spiritual qualities of three individuals described 
in the work are reflected in their share of Light and Darkness. The first 
man is very wicked: eight parts of Darkness to a single part of Light. 
The second man is largely good: six parts of Light against three parts 
of Darkness. The last is almost perfect: eight portions of Light and only 
one of Darkness. 

As far as physical characteristics are concemed, shortness, fatness 
and irregularity of features are associated with wickedness, their 
opposites reflect virtue. 

In the astrological terminology of the document, the 'second Column' 
doubtless means the 'second House'; and a birthday 'in the foot of the 
Bull' should probably be interpreted as the presence, at that moment, 
of the sun in the lower part of the constellation Taurus. 

The first Aramaic 'horoscope' (4Q534) is, according to J. Starcky 
that of the final Prince of the Congregation, or Royal Messiah. It is just 
as likely however, that the text alludes to the miraculous birth of Noah 
and it has therefore been placed together with the other remains of 
Noah literature (cf. pp. 554-5below). 4Q561, also in Aramaic, is too 
short to allow an identification but it is unlikely to refer to Noah as the 



qualities seem to be in some middie position between good and evii. 

Wlietlier the sectaries forecast tlie future by means of astrology, or 
merely used horoscope-like compositions as literary devices, is 
impossible to decide at present, though I am inclined towards the latter 
alternative. That such texts are found among ttie Scrolls should not, 
however, surprise anyone. For if many Jews frowned on astrology, 
others, such as the Hellenistic Jewish writer Eupolemus, credited its 
invention to Abraham! (Cf. G. Vermes, Scripture and Tradition in 
Judaism,Le\den, 1973, 80-82.) 

For the texts see J. M. Allegro and A. A. Anderson, DJD, V, 88-91 ; 
J. Strugnell, RQ 7 (1970), 274-6; P. S. Alexander, in E. Schurer, G. 
Vermes, F. Millar arid M. Goodman, Ttie History of the JevistiPeople 
in ttie Age of Jesus Clirist, III, Edinburgh, 1986, 364-6. 



4Q186, fr. 1 

II ... and his thighs are long and lean, and his toes are thin and long. He 
is of the second Column. His spirit consists of six (parts) in the House 
of Light and three in the Pit of Darl<ness. And this is his birthday on 
which he (is to be/was?) born: in the foot of the Bull. He will be meek. 
And his animal is the bull. 

Ill ... and his head ... [and his cheeks are] fat. His teeth are of uneven 
length (?). His fingers are thick, and his thighs are thick and very hairy, 
each one. His toes are thick and short. His spirit consists of eight 
(parts) in the House of Darkness and one from the House of Light... 

Fr.2 

I ... order His eyes are black and glowing. His beard is ... and it is ... 
His voice is gentle. His teeth are fine and well aligned. He is neither 
tall, nor short. And he ... And his fingers are thin and long. And his 
thighs are smooth. And the soles of his feet... [And his toes] are well 
aligned. His spirit consists of eight (parts) [in the House of Light, of] the 



second Column, and one [in the House of Darkness. And this is] his 
birthday on which he (is to be/was) born: ... And his animai is... 



4Q561 



... mixed but not too much. His eyes wiii be between white and biacl<. 
His nose wiii be iong and beautifui. His teeth wiii be even. His beard 
wiii be thin but not too much so. His limbs wiii be smoot[h and] 
be[tween re]duced and thicl< ... 



Phases of the Moon 



(4Q317) 



Seventy-six fragments of an astronomical text written in a cryptic 
aiptiabet record the ptiases of the moon, divided into 1/14ths of the fuii 
size of the moon, over the consecutive days of a 364-day soiar 
calendar. J. T. iVliiil< has reconstructed a fourteen-iine section, based 
onfr. 1 ii,2 — 14 and supplemented with other smaiier fragments. 

For the text, see J. T. Mi ilk. The Books of Enoch: Aramaic 
Fragments ofQumran Cave 4 (Oxford, 1 976), 68-9. 

II ... [On the fjifth (day) of it (the month), [tw]elve (fourteenths of the 
moon's surface) are covered and thus it [enters the day On the sixth 
(day) of it] thir]teen (fourteenths of its surface) are covered and thus it 
enters the day On the seventh (day) of it [fourteen (fourteenths of its 
surface)] are covered and thus] it enters the day vacat On the eighth 
(day) of it... the firmament above ... its light is to be covered ... on the 
first of the Sabbath (Sunday), vacat [On the ninth (day) of it one 
(fourteenth) portion (of its surface)] is revealed [and thus it enters the 
night]. On the tenth (day) of it [two (fourteenths of its surface)] are 
[revealed and it enters] the nigfrt. vacat On the ele[verTth (day) of it 
three (fourteenths of its surface) are revealed] and thus it enters the 
night, vacat 



A Zodiacal Calendar with a Brontologion 



(4Q318) 



A fascinating, but unfortunately fragmentary, calendar indicates the 
passage of the moon through the various Zodiacal signs during the 
successive months of the year from Nisan to Adar. The fragment 
begins w/ith the month of Tevet, continues with Tishri and ends with 
Adar. The last four lines of col. VIII have preserved a brontologion, i.e. 
prediction of prodigies or ill-omens by means of an interpretation of 
the sound of thunder on certain specified days of the month. The actual 
prediction of woe survives only at the end of the text in lines 8-9. It 
takes the form of a famine and the invasion of the country by a 
conquering foreign army. 

For the editio phnceps, see J. C. Greenfield and M. Sokoloff, DJD, 
XXXVI, 259-74. 

VII and on 13 and [1]4 [Pisces; on 15 and 16 Aries; on 17 and 18 

Taurus; on 1]9 and 20 and 2[1 Gemini; on 22 and 23 Cancer; on 24 
and 25 Leo; on 26 and] 27 and 28 [Virgo; on 29 and 30 Libra] vacat 
[Tishri. On 1 and 2 Scorpio; on 3 and 4 Sagittarius; on 5 and 6 and 7] 
Capricorn; on 8 and on 13 and 14 Cancer; on 15 and 16 Leo; on 17 
and 18 Virgo; on 19 and 20 and 21 Libra; on 22 [and 23] Scorpio; on 
24 and 25 Sagit[tarlus]; on 26 and 27 and 28 [Capricorn]; on 29 and 
30 Aquari[us]. vacat Shevat. On 1 and 2 [Piscejs; on 3 and 4 [Aries; 
on] 5 and [6 and] 7 Taums; on 8 [and 9 Gemini]; on 10 [and 11] 
Cancer; on 12 [and] 13 and 14 Leo; [on 15 and 16 Virgo]; on 17 and 
18 Libra; on 19 [and 20 and 21 S]corpio; on 22 [and] 23 [Sagifltarius; 
on 24 and 25 Capricorn; on [26 and] 27 and 28 Aquarius; on 29 and 
30 Pisces vacat 

VIII Adar. On 1 and 2 Aries; on 3 and 4 Taums; on 5 [and 6 and 7 



Gemini]; on 8 and 9 [Cancer; on 10 and 11 L]eo; on 12 and 13 [and 
14] Virg[o]; on 15 and [16 Libra; on] 17 and on 18 [Scorpio]; [on] 19 
and 20 (and 21) Sagpttarius]; on 22 and 23 [Cap]ricorn; [on 24 and 25] 
Aquarius; on 26 and 27 [and 28] Pi[sces; on 29 and 30] Aries, vacat [if 
in Taurus] it thunders ... [and] liard labour for the country and sword [in 
the cour]t of the l<ing and in the country of ... to the Arabs (?) [ ... ] 
starvation and they will piiiage one anoth[er ... ]. vacat If in Gemini it 
thunders, terror and affliction (wiii be brought) by strangers and by ... 



Order of Divine Office 



(4Q334) 



Cave 4 has yielded seven fragments of a liturgical work made up of six 
columns, listing the number of songs and words of praise to be sung 
during the night and during the day on consecutive days of the month. 
Only frs. 2-4 can be built up into a coherent text. The script is dated to 
the end of the first century BCE. 
For the editio phnceps, see U. Glessmer, DJD, XXI, 167-94. 

Frs. 2-4 

[And on the eighth (day) of it (of the month) at night: e]ight 
[so]ngs and forty-... [w]ords of prai[se, and during the day: ... 
songs and] sixtee[n wor]ds [of praise. And on the nint]h (day) of 
it at night: [eight songs and] fort[y-t]wo [words of praise, and 
during the d]ay: ... songs [and ... words of praise]. And on the 
tenth (day) of i[t] at night: eight songs [and ... words of praise, 
and during the day: ... songs] and twenty words of p[raise] ... 



The Words of the Heavenly Lights 



(4Q504— 6) 



Surviving in tliree fragmentary manuscripts from Cave 4 (4Q504-6), 
'Tlie Words of tlie Heaveniy Liglits' are coiiective prayers for tlie days 
of the week which are fuii of bibiicai reminiscences. In the best- 
preserved of them (4Q504), the Sabbath and the fourth day are 
expressiy mentioned in the surviving text. The editor of the document, 
M. Baillet (DJD, VII (1982), 137-75), attributes to it an exaggeratedly 
early date, the mid-second century BCE. 



4Q504 



I ...Amen! Amen! ... II ... We pray Thee, O Lord, do in accordance with 
Thyself, in accordance with the greatness of Thy might. Thou who didst 
pardon our fathers when they rebelled against Thy saying. Thou wert 
angry with them so as to wish to destroy them, but because of Thy love 
for them and for the sake of Thy Covenant - for Moses had atoned for 
their sin - and in order that Thy great might and the abundance of Thy 
mercy might be known to everlasting generations. Thou didst take pity 
on them. So let Thine anger and wrath against all [their] sin turn away 
from Thy people Israel. Remember Thy marvels which Thou didst for 
the poor of the nations. For we were called by Thy Name... to [cause] 
us [to repent] with all (our) heart and soul and to plant Thy Law in our 
heart [that we might never depart from it, straying neither] to right nor to 
left. For Thou wilt heal us of foolishness and of blindness and confusion 
[of heart... Behold] we were sold because of our iniquities but despite 
our offences Thou didst call us ... Thou wilt save us from sinning 
against Thee ... and to make us understand the testimonies ... 



III ... Behold, all the nations are as nothing beside Thee, they are 
counted as void and naught before Thee. We have called on Thy 
Name alone. Thou hast created us for Thy glory and made us Thy 
children In the sight of all the nations. For Thou tiast named Israel 'My 
son, my first-born', and hast chastised us as a man chastises his son. 
Thou tiast brought us up throughout the years of our generations [by 
means of| evil diseases, famine, thirst, pestilence, and the sword ... of 
Thy Covenant. Because Thou tiast ctiosen us [from all] the earth [to be 
Thy people,] therefore hast Tfrau poured out Thine anger [and jealousy] 
upon us in all ttie fury of Thy wrath. Thou hast caused [the scourge] of 
Thy [plagues] to cleave to us of which IVIoses wrote, and Thy servants 
the Prophets, that Thou wouldst send evil against us in the last days... 

IV ... Thy dwelling-place ... a resting-place in Jerus[alem, the city 
which] Thou hast [chosen] from all the earth that Thy [Name] might 
remain there for ever. For Thou hast loved Israel above all the peoples. 
Thou hast chosen the tribe of Judah and hast established Thy 
Covenant with David that he might be as a princely shepherd over Thy 
people and sit before Thee on the throne of Israel for ever. All the 
nations have seen Thy glory. Thou who hast sanctified Thyself In the 
midst of Thy people Israel. They brought their offering to Thy great 
Name, silver and gold and precious stones together with all the 
treasures of their lands, that they might glorify Thy people, and Zion Thy 
holy city, and the House of Thy majesty And there was neither 
adversary nor misfortune, but peace and blessing... and they ate and 
were satisfied and grew fat ... 

V ... [they forsool<] the fount of living waters... and served a strange 
god in their land. Also, their land was ravaged by their enemies; for Thy 
fury and the heat of Thy wrath overflowed, in the fire of Thy jealousy 
mal<ing of It a desert where no man could go and return. Yet 
notwithstanding all this. Thou didst not reject the seed of Jacob, neither 
didst Thou cast away Israel to destruction, breaking Thy Covenant with 
them. For Thou alone art a living God and there is none beside Thee. 
Thou didst remember Thy Covenant, Thou who didst rescue us in the 
presence of all the nations, and didst not forsal<e us amid the nations. 
Thou wert gracious towards Thy people Israel in all the lands to which 
Thou didst banish them, that they might remember to retum to Thee 



and to hearken to Thy voice [according to] all Thou hadst commanded 
by the hand of Moses Thy servant. 

For Thou hast shed Thy Holy Spirit upon us, bringing upon us Thy 
blessings, that we might seek Thee in our distress [and whisjper 
(prayers) in the ordeal of Thy chastisement. We have entered into 
distress, have been [stri]cken and tried by the fury of the oppressor. 
For we also have tired God with our iniquity, we have wearied the 
Rock with [our] sins. [But] in order that we may profit. Thou hast not 
wearied us who leadest [us] in the way in [which we must walk. But] we 
have not heeded ... 

VI ... [Thou hast taken away] all our transgressions and hast purified 
us of our sin for Thine own sake. Thine, Thine is righteousness, O 
Lord, for it is Thou who hast done aii this! Now, on the day when our 
heart is humbied, we expiate our iniquity and the iniquity of our fathers, 
together with our unfaithfulness and rebellion. We have not rejected 
Thy trials and scourges; our soui has not despised them to the point of 
breaking Thy Covenant despite all the distress of our soul. For Thou, 
who hast sent our enemies against us, strengthenest our heart that we 
may recount Thy mighty deeds to everlasting generations. We pray 
Thee, O Lord, since Thou workest marvels from everlasting to 
everlasting, to let Thine anger and wrath retreat from us. Look on [our 
affliction] and trouble and distress, and deliver Thy people Israel [from 
all] the lands, near and far, [to which Thou hast banished them], every 
man who is inscribed in the Book of Life... serve Thee and give thanks 
to [Thy holy Name] ... from those who vex them ... VII ... who deliverest 
us from all distress. Amen! [Amen!] 

Hymnsforthe Sabbath Day 

Give thanks ... 

[Bless] His holy Name always 

... all the angels of the holy firmament 

... [above] the heavens, 

the earth and all its deep places, 

the great [Abyss] and Abaddon 

and the waters and all that is [in them.] 



[Let] all His creatures [bless Him] always 
for everlasting [ages. Amen! Amen!] 
... bless His holy Name. 
Sing to God... 

Fr.3 

II ... Blessed be the God who has given us rest. [Amen], amen. [Prayer 
on the] fourth [da]y. Remember, O Lord ... 

Fr.4 

II ... We know these through Thy Ho[ly] Spirit which Thou hast granted 
us. [Have mercy on us] and remember us not for the iniquities of the 
men of old in all their evl[l] dealings, [nor] their stiff necks. Thou redeem 
us and, [pray,] forgive our iniquities and [our] s[ins]. 

Fr.6 

II ... Remember, pray, that we are Thy people and that Thou hast 
carried us marvellously [on the wings of| eagles and hast brought us 
towards Ttiee. And like an eagle which rouses its nestlings and hovers 
over [its young], spreads out its wings, takes one and carries it on [its 
pinions], so we dwell apart and are not reckoned among the nations 
and ... Thou art in our midst in the pillar of fire and the cloud [of] Thy 
[holl]ness walking before us, and as It were Thy glory in our mid[st] ... 

Fr. 8 recto 

II ... [Rememb]er, O Lo[r]d that... Thou hast fashioned A[dam], our 
[f]ather, in the likeness of [Thy] glory; Thou didst breathe [a breath of 
life] into his nostrils and, with understanding, knowledge [Thou didst 



give him] ... Tliou didst mal<e [him] to rule [over the Gar]den of Eden 
which Thou didst plant... and to wail< in the larKi of glory... he guarded. 
And Thou didst enjoin him not to st[ray ...]... he is flesh and to dust [he 
will return (?)] ... And Thou, Thou knowest... for everlasting generations 
... a living God and Thy hand ... man in the ways of., [to flII the] earth 
with [v{]olenoe and to shed [innocent blood] ... 



Liturgical Prayer 



(1Q34 and 34 bis) 



The following fragments, published by J. T. Milik {DJD, I, 152-5), 
belong to a collection of prayers for Jewish festivals. The title of the 
present section is lost, but reference to the renewal of the Covenant 
seems to indicate that we have here another part of the sect's 
Pentecostal liturgy. 

I ... Thou wilt cause the wicl<ed to be our ransom and the unfaithful to 
be our redemption. |Thou wilt] blot out all our oppressors and we shall 
praise Thy Name for ever [and ever]. For this hast Thou created us and 
[to say to Thee] this: Blessed art Thou ... 

II ... the Great Light (of heaven) for the [day]time, [and the Little Light 
(of heaven) for the night] ... without transgressing their laws, ... and their 
dominion is over all the world. 

But the seed of man did not understand all that Thou caused them to 
inherit; they did not discern Thee in all Thy words and wickedly turned 
aside from every one. They heeded not Thy great power and therefore 
Thou didst reject them. For wickedness pleases Thee not, and the 
ungodly shall not be established before Thee. 

But in the time of Thy goodwill Thou didst choose for Thyself a 
people. Thou didst remember Thy Covenant and [granted] that they 
should be set apart for Thyself from among all the peoples as a holy 
thing. And Thou didst renew for them Thy Covenant (founded) on a 
glorious vision and the words of Thy Holy [Spirit], on the works of Thy 
fiands and the writing of Thy Right Hand, that they might know the 
foundations of glory and the steps towards eternity.. [Thou didst raise 
up] for them a faithful shepherd ... 



Prayers for Festivals 



(4Q 507-9) 



Three badly worn manuscripts from Cave 4 (4Q507-9) partly 
correspond to the foregoing fragments from Cave 1 (1Q34 and 34 
bis). They have preserved prayers for festivals, two of which are 
explicitly associated with the Day of Atonement and the Day of 
Firstfruits. The editor, M. Baillet (DJD, VII, 175-215), dates them to the 
beginning of the first century CE. 



4Q507, fr. 1 

We are (encompassed) by iniquity since the womb, and since the 
breast by guilt. While we live, we walk in iniquity... 



4Q508,fr. 1 (cf. 1Q34d/s) 

[And the righteous... to grow fat thanks to the clouds of heaven and the 
produce of the land, to distingui]sh the righteous from the wicked. And 
Thou Shalt make of the wicked our expiation, and by the upright Thou 
Shalt destroy all our oppressors. And we will praise Thy na[m]e for ever 
and ever. For [Thou hast created us for this] and we answer Thee with 
this: Blessed be ... 



Fr.2(cf.1Q34b/s) 



... Prayer for the Day of Atonemerrt. Remember O Lord, the feast of 
mercies and the time of return (?)... Thou hast established it for us as a 
feast of fasting, and an everias[ting] precept ... Thou l<nowest the 
hidden things and the things reveai[ed] ... 

Fr.3 

... Thou didst establish [Thy Covenant] with Noah ... 



4Q509, fr. 3{cf. 1Q34 bis) 

For Thou hast caused us to rejoice, removing our grief, and hast 
assembled our banished ones for a feast of... Thou shalt gather our 
dispersed w/omen for the season of ... Thy [me]rcies on our 
congregation like ra[in-drops on the earth in the season of sowing... 
and lil<e showers on the gr]ass in the seasons of sprouting and... We 
shall recount Thy marvels from generation to generation. Blessed be 
the Lord who has caused us to rejoice... 

Fr. 132 

II [Prayer for the Day of] Firstfruits. Remember, O Lord, the feast of ... 
and the pleasing free-will offerings which Thou hast commanded... [to 
brjing before Thee the firstfruits of [Thy] works ... 



Daily Prayers 



(4Q 503) 



A manuscript from Cave 4 (4Q503) consisting of 225 papyrus 
fragments, edited by IVI. Baillet {DJD, VII, 105-36), lists evening and 
morning benedictions for each day of the month. The calendar followed 
appears to be lunar since evening precedes morning. The editor 
places the writing in the first quarter of the first century BCE. 

Ill And when the sun rises... the firmament of heaven, they shall bless. 
Answering they shall say:] Blessed be the Go[d of Israel ... ] Today... in 
the fourt[h of the gates of light... ] On the fifth [of the month in the 
eve]ning, they shall bless. Answering, they shall say: Blessed be the 
God [of Israel] who hides... before him in every division of his glory... 
today the fourte[enth] ... light of the day Peace be on you, Israel ... 
[When the sun] rise[s] to illumine the earth, they shall bless, and again 
the numbe[r shall be] ele[ven days] to the feasts of joy and the 
appointed times of g[lory,] for [this d]ay is in the fifteenth of the gate[s 
of light] ... [Peace be on you,] Israel. On the sixth of the month in the 
evening, they shall bless. Answering, they shall [say]: Bles[sed be the 
God] of Israel ... And when [ttie sun rises to illumine the earth, ttiey shall 
bless. Answering, they shall say] 



Frs. 7-9 

IV ... Peace [be on you, Israel] ... On the seventh of [the month in the 
evening, they shall bless. Answering, they shall say:] Blessed be the 
God of ls[rael] ... 



Fr. 11 



[On the t]welfth of the month in the evening [they shall bless] ... (This 
probably continues up to the 26th of the month.) 



Prayer or Hymn Celebrating the Morning and the 
Evening 



(4Q 408) 



One medium sized and fifteen or sixteen small fragments represent a 
collection of liturgical prayers of which only one can be partly 
translated. The document is akin to 4Q375 and 376 as well as to 
1Q29. Palaeographically the document is placed in the late second 
century BCE. 

For the editio princeps, see Annette Steudel, DJD, XXXVI, 298- 
319. 



Fr. I 



... [B1]essed art Thou, O Lord, who art righteous in all Thy ways. Be 
mighty in strength ... [in Thy judge]ments. Thou who art faithful ... Thou 
art understanding [with all injtelligence ... might. Thou who art ... to 
bring out ... who hast created the morning as a sign to reveal the 
dominion of the light as the boundary of the daytime ... for their work. 
To bless Thy holy name Thou hast created them. For the light is good 
... [Thou art ... ] who hast created the evening as a sign to reveal the 
dominion [of darkness] ... from labour. Thou hast [c]reated them to 
bless Thy holy name] when they see that the light is good arxJ when ... 
Thou hast created the evening as a sign (to mark) the appearance of 
the dominion of [darkness] ... 



Blessings 



(1QSb=1Q28b) 



These fragments from a collection of blessings were originally 
attached to the Scroll containing the Community Rule and the 
Messianic Rule. They have been skilfully pieced together by J. T. Mlllk 
(DJD, I, 1 18-29), who dates them to around 100 BCE. 

The Blessings were to be recited by the Master or Guardian, and 
were, as it seems, intended for the messianic age, and perhaps for the 
ceremony of the institution of the new Community. It is, however, 
possible that they were actually used during the course of some liturgy 
anticipating and symbolizing the coming of the messianic era. All the 
members of the Covenant are blessed first, followed by someone who 
seems to be the priestly head of the Community, the Messiah of 
Aaron. The next blessing is addressed to the sons of Zadok, the 
Priests (and Levites?), and finally the Prince of the Congregation, the 
Messiah of Israel, is blessed. The rest of the document is lost. 

For an additional fragment, see G. J. Brooke and J. M. Robinson, 'A 
Further Fragment of IQSb; The Schoyen Collection MS 1909', JJS 46 
(1995), 120-33. 



The Blessing of the Faithful 

I Words of blessing. The Master shall bless them that fear [God and 
do] His will, that keep His commandments, and hold fast to His holy 
[Covenant], and walk perfectly [in all the ways of] His [truth], whom He 
has chosen for an eternal Covenant which shall endure for ever. 



May the [Lord bless you from the Abode of His holi ness]; may He open 
for you from heaven an eternal fountain which [shall not fall]! 

May He [favour] you w/ith every [heavenly] blessing; [may He teach you] 
the knowledge of the Holy Ones! 

[May He unlock for you the] everlasting [fountain; may He not withhold 
the waters of life from] them that thirst! 



The Blessing of the High Priest 



III May the Lord lift His courrtenance towards you; [may He delight In 
the] sweet odour [of your sacrifices]! 

May He choose [all] them that sit in your prles[tly college]; may He 
store up all your sacred offerings, and in the [season of) ... all your 
seed! 

May He [lift] His countenance towards all your congregation! 

May He place upon your head [a diadem] ... in [everlasting] glory; may 

He sanctify your seed in glory without end! 

May He grant you everlasting [peace] ... 

May He fight [at the head of] your Thousands [until the generation of 
falsehood is ended] ... [to bend] many peoples before you ... all the 
riches of the world ... 

For God has established all the foundations of ... may He lay the 
foundation of your peace for ever! 



The Biessing of the Priests 

Words of blessing. The M[aster shall bless] the sons of Zadok the 
Priests, whom God has chosen to confirm His Covenant for [ever, and 



to inquire] into all His precepts in the midst of His people, and to 
instruct tliem as He commanded; wlio have established [His Covenant] 
on truth and watched over all His laws with righteousness and wall<ed 
according to the way of His choice. 

iVIay the Lord biess you from His holy [Abode]; may He set you as a 

splendid jewel in the midst of the congregation of the saints! 

May He [renew] for you the Covenant of the [everlasting] priesthood; 

may He sanctify you [for the House] of Holiness! 

May He [judge alQ the leaders by your worl<s, and all [the princes] of the 

peoples by the words from out of your lipsi 

May He give you as your portion the firstfruits of [all delectable things]; 

may He Ijless by your hand the counsel of all flesh! 

IV ... may everlasting blessings be the crown upon your head! 

... [For] He has chosen you [to] ... and to number the saints and to 

[bless] your people ... the men of the Council of God by your hand, and 

not by the hand of a prince ... 

... May you be as an Angel of the Presence in the Abode of Holiness to 
the glory of the God of [hosts] ... 

May you attend upon the service in the Temple of the Kingdom and 
decree destiny in company with the Angels of the Presence, in 
common council [with the Holy Ones] for everlasting ages and time 
without end; for [all] His judgements are [truth]! 

May He make you holy among His people, and an [eternal] light [to 
illumine] the world with knowledge and to enlighten the face of the 
Congregation [with wisdom]! [May He] consecrate you to the Holy of 
Holies! For [you are made] holy for Him and you shall glorify His Name 
and His holiness ... 
V... 



The Blessing of the Prince of the Congregation 

The Master shall bless the Prince of the Congregation ... and shall 
renew for him the Covenant of the Community that he may establish 
the kingdom of His people for ever, [ttiat he may judge the poor with 



righteousness and] dispense justice with {equity to the oppressed} 
(Schoyen) of the larxJ, and ttiat he may wall< perfectly before Him in aii 
the ways [of truth], arxJ ttiat he may estabiish His Ixjiy Covenant at the 
time of the affliction of those who seek God. 

May the Lord raise you up to everlasting heights, and as a fortified 
tower upon a high wail! 

[May you smite the peoples] with the might of your hand and ravage the 
earth with your sceptre; may you bring death to the ungodly with the 

breath of your lips! 

[May He shed upon you the spirit of counsel] and everlasting might, the 
spirit of knowledge and of the fear of God; may righteousness be the 
girdle [of your loins] and may your reins be girdled [with faithfulness]! 
May He make your horns of iron and your hooves of bronze; may you 
toss like a young bull [and trample ttie peoples] like the mire of the 
streets! 

For God has established you as the sceptre. The rulers ... [and all the 
kings of the] nations shall serve you. He shall strengthen you with His 
holy Name and you shall be as a [lion; and you shall not lie down until 
you have devoured the] prey which naught shall deliver ... 



Benedictions 



(4Q 280, 286-90) 



Five fragmentary copies of a text containing liturgical blessings and 
curses, each unit ending witli 'Amen, amen', have survived in Cave 4. 
Of these 4QBeral<hot^ (4Q286), preserved on three photographic 
plates (PAM 43-311-13), provides continuous passages. They parallel 
Community Rule II and War Rule XIII, and the style of 4Q286 I also 
recalls the Songs of the Holocaust for the Sabbath (4Q400-407). I 
agree with Bilhah Nitzan that 4QBerakhot is probably an independent 
version of part of the ceremony of the renewal of the covenant included 
in 1QS 11, 3-17. 4Q280 depends mainly on Community Rule ii, but 
reveals Satan's specific name, Melkiresha' (My king is wickedness), 
the counterpartof A//e/c/7/zede/c(My king is justice), chief of the Army of 
Light (of below, pp. 532, 571 ). 

For theeditio princeps, see B. Nitzan, DJD, XI, 1-74 (4Q286-90), 
and DJD, XXIX, 1-8 (4Q280). 



4Q286=4QBerakhot^ 



Blessings 
Fr. 1a ii 

II The seat of Thy splendour and the footstool of Thy glory In the 
[h]eights of Thy standing and Thy holy stepping-place. And Thy glorious 
chariots, their cherubim and their wheels arxJ all [their] companies; 
foundations of fire and flames of brightness arxl shininqs of majesty 



and str[eam]s of fire and wonderful luminaries; [majes]ty and splendour 
and glorious height, holy foundation and sou[rce ofl majesty and height 
of glory, ma[rvel of than]l<sgivings and reservoir of might, splendour of 
praises and great in wonderful things arKi healing[s] and miraculous 
deeds, foundation of wisdom and pattern of knowledge and source of 
understanding, source of prudence and holy counsel and true 
foundation, treasure-house of Intelligence, building of righteousness 
and place of upright[ness, great] in lovlng-klndness and in meekness 
and true ioving-kindness and everlasting mercies and mysteries of 
mar[vels] In [the]lr reve[latlons] and holy weeks In their appointed time 
and squads of months ... [... of ye]ars In their circuits and glorious 
festive seasons in [their] ... fixed moments ... and the sabbatical years 
of the land In [their] dlvi[slons, ap]polnted times for llbe[rty ... eternity ... 
[I]ight and dar[kness ... ] 

Fr.2 

... [thei]r ... in the strength of their majesty and aii the [spjirits of those 
who bring to the Sanctuajry] ... in [their] comp[anies and in] their 
[dojminions, the mighty of the 'gods' with power, vacat ... zeal for 
judgement with strength, vacat ... [they shall] all [bless in comjmunity 
Thy holy name.... [Ho]iy of Holies [they] will curse ... knowledge of 
understanding ... vacat ... joyous cry ... 

Fr.3 

... ru[ling] angels ... in (ajll their services ... [spjarks and lightnings ... the 
angels of rain cl[oud]s, and heavy clouds and thick [clouds] and dew- 
drops ... and all the spirits of dominations ... wlien they were created ... 
[sucjceed one another ... 



Fr.5 



... the earth and everything [on it, 

and the worid and aii its] inhabitants. 

The ground and ail its devices; 

[the earth and al]i that exist on it. 

[The mountains and ai]i the hiiis; 

the vaiieys and aii the ravines; 

the dry ian[d ...] its [ce]dars; 

the iow-iying woods and aii the deserts of desolation 

... and its voids; 

and the foundations of its structure. 

The jacl<ais and ... 

... the taii trees, their fruit 

and aii the cedars of Leban[on] ... 

[Grain, win]e and oii and aii the produce. 

... and aii the wave-offerings of the worid 

intw[eive] months ... 

... Thy words. Amen, amen. 

Fr. 7a i 

I ... and aii their elect and all who know the song of ... and the 

blessings of truth in the fe[stive] times ... and the l<ingdom shall be lifted 
up among the p[eople]s ... the assembly of the pure 'gods' and all who 
possess everlasting l<nowledge to prai[se and to bl]ess Thy glorious 
name in all the [everlasting ages]. Amen, amen. 



Frs. 20+13+4Q288 



[Every one should rebul<e his fellow in truth, and virtuous humility and 
with] righteous [intenti]on [in the Community of God. And whoever] has 
erred when returning [to the truth], they shall rebuke him [according to] 
their [commandments]. They shall rebuke him and have mercy [on him 
if he transgr]esses. Let no [man] bear gru[dge against his fellow from 



one day] to [ano]ther. [Let him] not hate him in his heart [so as n]o[t to 
bear guiit because of him. And whatever is revealed to the men] of the 
Community iet him instruct [him with] his merfciful iove] and with the 
spirit [of humiiity he shall distance him from the deeds of] 
deceitfuiness. The [Guardian of the Congregation shall ad]monish him 
regarding all [the regulations] perfecting his deeds from all [sin through 
re]bul<ing him before wi[tnesses. Let no man take revenge] on his own 
behalf in any matter for he will be punished [for six months/one year (?)] 
... Let no one take the law [in his own hand, disobeying the order of his 
fellow. Let him not speak to him] in anger or out of envy prompted by 
the spirit of wickedness, disregarding the dignity of his colleague with 
[heated] anger, standing up against him without [justification]. 



4Q287 fr. 3 



... and they shall bless Thy holy name with benedictions of... the Holy of 
Holies. And all the creatures of flesh [shall bl]ess Thee, all of them that 
Thou has crea[ted] ... the beasts and the birds and the worms and the 
fish of the sea and all ... Thou hast created them all renewing ... 

Fr.10 

... against the anointed ones of [His] hol[y] spirit ... 



4Q286 (4Q287, fr. 6)=4QBerakhot'' 

Curses of Belial 



Fr. 7 a 



II council of the Community stiall all say together, Amen, amen. 
Afterwards [they] shall damn Belial and all his guilty lot. They shall 
answer and say, Cursed be [B]elial in his hostile design, and damned 
in his guilty dominion. Cursed be all the spirits of his [lo]t in their 
wicked design, and damned in their thoughts of unclean impurity For 
they are the lot of darkness and their visitation is for eternal 
destruction. Amen, amen. 

Cursed be the Wicke[d One in all the ages ] of his dominions, and 
may all the sons of Belial be damned in all the works of their service 
until their annihilation [for ever, Amen, amen.] 

And [they shall coritinue to say: Be cursed, Ang]el of Perdition and 
Spirpt of Destjruction, in all the thoughts of your g[uilty] inclination [and 
all yourabominajble [plots] and [your] wicked design, [and] may you be 
[da]mned ... Amen, am[en]. 

[Cursed be a]ll those who practi[se] their [wicked designs] and 
establish [in their heart] their (evil) devices, [plotting against Go]d'[s 
Covenant] ... to exchange the judgemen[ts of truth for folly.] 



4Q280=4QBenedictions^ 

Curses of Melkiresha' 
Fr.2 

[May God set him apart] for evil from the midst of the Sons of Li[ght 
because he has turned away from following Him. 

And they shall continue saying: Be curjsed, Melkiresha', in all the 
thou[ghts of your guilty inclination. May] God [deliver you up] for torture 
at the hands of the vengeful Avengers. May God not heed [when] you 
call on Him. [May He raise His angry face] towards you. May there be 
no (greeting of) 'Peace' for you in the mouth of all those who hold fast 
to the Father[s. IVlay you be cursed] with no remnant, and damned 



without escape. 

Cursed be those wtw practi[se their wicked designs] and [es]tabiish 
in their heart your (evil) devices, plotting against the Covenant of God 
... , seers of [His] truth. 

[Who]ever refuses to enter [His Covenant, walking in the 
stubbornness of his heart] ... 



Confession Ritual 



(4Q393) 



Fragmentary remains of a communal confession of sins, spoken in tlie 
first person plurai, recaii tlie language of Psalm 11, Jeremiah and 
Deuteronomy, and resemble confession prayers in Ezra ix, 5-15; 
Daniel ix, 4-19; 1QS 1, 24-11, 1. In the latter text, the parallel 
confession is part of the ceremony of the renewal of the Covenant. The 
script is dated to mid-first century BCE. 
For the editio princeps, see Daniel Falk, DJD, XXIX, 45-61 . 

I ... in order that Thou be justified by Thy wor[ds] ... we were poured out 
through our iniquities ... they [stiff]ened the neck. Our God, hide Thy 
face from [our] si[ns and] blot out [al]l our iniquities and create in us a 
new spirit, O Lord.... [do not] withhold faithfulness and to rebels ... and 
bring back sinners to Thee. And [do not] reject from Thee the broken 
[spirjit, O God. According to Thy people in order to ... and always on ... 
nations and kingdoms ... their word[s] ... to Thy peoples in order to ... 

II ... the faithful God who keep [the] covenant and loving-kindness to 
those who love [Thee and who keep Thy commandments which Thou 
didst command] to Moses. Do not forsake Thy people [and] Thine 
[injheritance. And let no man walk in the stubbomness of his [evil] 
heart. O God, in Thy goodwill ... Thy people and Thine inheritance shall 
not be forsa[k]en and let no man walk in the stubbomness of his evil 
heart. And where is Strength? And on whom shalt Thou cause Thy face 
to shine without his being purified? And they shall be sanctified and 
exalted above everything. It is Thou O Lord who tiast chosen our 
fathers from of old. Thou tiast caused us to stand for them as a 
remnant to give us (the covenarrt) which Thou hast established with 
Abraham for Israel that tfiey might possess the proud ... mighty men, 



the hosts of those who are powerful, giving us houses filled with ... 
water, vineyards and oiive trees [and] an inheritance of the people ... 



Purification Ritual A 



(4Q 512) 



Badly worn papyrus fragments from Cave 4 (4Q512) contain prayers: 
to be recited to obtain purification from various l<inds of ritual 
uncleanness. M. Baillet (DJD, VII, 263-86) suggests an early first- 
century BCE date for the script. 



Frs. 29-32 



VII And he will bless there [the God of Israel. Answering, he will say: 
Blessed art Thou, God of Israel. And I stand] before Thee on the feas[t] 
... Thou hast ... me for purity ... and his burnt-offering and he will bless. 
Answering he will say: Blessed art Thou, [God of Israel, who hast 
delivered me from al]l my sins and purified me from impure indecency 
and hast atoned so that I come ... purification and the blood of the 
burnt-offering of Thy goodwill and the pleasing memorial ... 



Fr.ll 

X [And on completin]g [his] seven days of puri[fication] ... and he shall 
wash his clothes with w[ater and cleanse his body] and he shall put on 
his garments and shall bless ag[ain] ... the God of ^ra[e]l ... 



Purification Ritual B 



(4Q4]14) 



Thirty-six badly damaged fragments, written on tine verso of 4Q415, 
represent a purificatory ritual and prayers. The script dates to the turn 
of the era. Some lines are parallel to 4Q512, frs. 42-44 ii, 2 — 5. 
For the editio piinceps, see E. Eshel, DJD, XXXV, 135-54. 



Fr. 2 ii 3-4 

... and thou shalt purify us according [to] Thy precepts of holiness for 
the first, the third and the seventh ... by the truth of Thy covenant ... to be 
purified from the impurity of ... And then he shall enter the water ... 
Answering, he shall say, 'Blessed a[rt Thou, God of Israel] for from the 
utterance of Thy mouth is declared the purity of all: to be separated 
from all the guilty men of uncleanness who cannot be purified by the 
purifying water .... 



A Liturgical Worit 



(4Q 392-3) 



This is a religious text, possibiy liturgical, but strongly reminiscent of 
tlie language of tlie Tlianl<sgiving Hymns. For tlie editio phnceps, see 
D. Fall<, DJD, XXIX, 23-44. 



Fr. 1 



... each to be united with [G]od and not to depart from a[ll] ... and their 
soul will cling to His Covenant and ... the words of the mouth of ... The 
Go[d] ... the heaven above and to search out the ways of the sons of 
man (leaving) no secret [in their heart(?)]. He created darkness [and 
Ijight is His, and in His dwelling is the most perfect light, and all 
gloominess ceases before Him. It is not for Himself the distinction 
between light and darkness, for He has distinguished them for the 
sons of man: light during the day by means of the sun; (and during the) 
night (by means of) moon and stars. The inscrutable light is with Him, 
and His knowledge is without [end, f]or all the works of God are 
multiple (?). We who are flesh, should we not consider this? With us ... 
for countless signs and wonders ... [wi]nds and lightnings ... [s]ervants 
of the most holy pla[ce]. From before Him proceed the lu[minaries] ... 



Frs. 2 and 5 (4Q393 1 i) 

... [they did not lisjten to the signs and wonders ... plagues [which no 
kingdom has seen] until this day and ... He has brought us out [of the 



land of Egypt] without being counted. In tlie migtity waters he made a 
path ... the great [abyss] [and He made] him [sin]l< Wke stone in the 
deep ... 



D. Historical and Apocalyptic Works 




'Conquest of Egypt and Jerusalem or Acts of a Greek King', Israel 
Antiquities Authority 



Apocalyptic Chronology or Apocryphal Weeks 



(4Q 247) 



A fragment consisting of seven mutilated iines, and paiaeographicaiiy 
dated to the last decades of the first century BCE, appears to belong 
to an apocalyptic account of world history, divided into weeks of years 
and possibly centred on the Temple of Jerusalem. Despite the lack of 
continuous narration, tfie significant details justify tlie inclusion of this 
text in the volume. 
For the editio princeps, see M. Broshi, DJD, XXXVI, 1 87-91 . 

... [de]termined [end] ... [And afterwards will co]me the fif[th] week ... 
four-hundred [and eighty years (after the exodus from Egypt)] 
Solo[mon] (built the Temple; cf 1 Kings vi, 1 ) ... (It was desfroyed in the 
time) [of Zede]kiah king of Judah ... 

(It was restored by) the Levites arxJ the people of the Lan[d] ... (Final 
stage) ... kin[g] of the Kittim ... 



Historical Text A 



(4Q248) 



The story told in ttiis ten-line fragment, which contains only broken 
lines, resembles ttie account of Daniel xi conceming ttie 'King of the 
North' (Antiochus IV Epiphanes) who invades Egypt and ill-treats 
Jerusalem. 

For the editio princeps, see M. Broshi and E. Eshel, DJD, XXXVI, 
192-200. 

... in Egypt and Greece and ... Therefore they shall eat ... their [s]ons 
and their daughters in a siege in ... 

And (the Lord) shall cause [His] wind to pass [through] their court- 
yards and ... he shall come to Egypt and sell her dust and ... to the city 
of the Temple and shall capture her with all [her ... ] And he shall turn 
against the lands of the nations and shall return to Egyp[t] ... [And when 
the shattering of the power of the ho[ly] people [comes to an end] ... 
When all these [come into being] the children [of Israel] shall return ... 



Historical Texts C-E (formerly Mishmarot C^'^) 



4Q331-3) 



Three very badly mutilated calendric documents Include references to 
Jewish and Roman historical personalities (Shelamzlon/Salome 
Alexandra, wife of Alexander Jannaeus; Hyrcanus II, her son; Yohanan 
the high priest, probably John Hyrcanus I; the KIttIm (Romans) and 
Aemlllus (no doubt M. Aemlllus Scaurus, governor of Syria). They all 
lived in the iate second or the first half of the first century BCE. The 
compositions recall the early rabbinic historical calendar krwwn as 
Meglllat Taanit (see HJP, 114-5). 
For the editio princeps, see J. A. FItzmyer, DJD, XXXVI, 281 -9. 



TextC(4Q331) 
Fr.1 i 

[the] priest ... Johanan to bring to ... 

Fr. 1 ii 

... Shelamzlon ... 



Text D {4Q332) 



Fr.2 



... [to] give him honour among the Arab[s] ... [on the n]inth of Shebat — 
that is ... which is the twentieth (day) of the month ... Shelamzion came 
... to oppose ... Hyrcanus rebelled ... to oppose ... 

Fr.3 

... [of the Kit]tim killed ... [on the] fifth [day] in (the week of) Jedaiah - 
this is ... 



Text E (4Q333) 
Fr.1 

... [in (the week of) Je]hezekel which is ... Aemillus killed ... [in] the 
seventh [mon]th ... (the week of) Gamul ... Aemillus killed ... 



Historical Text F 



(4Q468e) 



A tiny fragment is the only surviving part of a tiistorical document 
containing tlie unusuai name of Pvrf/ys. Tlie editor, IVI. Broslii, reads it 
as Ptoiias, a Hellenized form of tlie Hebrew name Putiei, and probabiy 
identicai with a companion of Herod's son Archeiaus, who 
accompanied him to Rome in 4 BCE. The journey was preceded by 
civil riots in Jerusalem which were suppressed by the army, killing 
three thousand people (cf Josephus, /Anf. xvii, 213-18; War n, 8-14)' 
Two other scholars, D. R. Schwartz and W. Horbury (see JJS 50, 308- 
11), suggest a reading of Peitholaus, a pro-Roman Jew associated 
with the massacre of many of his compatriots in mid-first century BCE 
(cf Ant. xiv, 84-5; War, \, 162-3). 
For the ed/f/o princeps, see IVI. Broshi, DJD, XXXVI, 407-1 1 . 

[to k]ill the multitude of men ... Potlaus/Potlays. And the persons that 



The Triumph of Righteousness or IVIysteries 



(1Q27, 4Q299-3011) 



Originally entitled The Book of Mysteries by J.J. Milik (DJD, I, 102-5), 
these fragments expound the familiar theme of the struggle between 

good and evil, but their nature is difficult to determine. Perhaps they 
derive from a sermon, or from an apocalyptical writing. Three further 
manuscripts (4Q299-301) yield badly damaged fragments belonging 
to the same writing. 4Q300 3 and 4Q299 partly overlap with 1Q27. An 
earlier passage may be reconstructed from 4Q300 and 4Q299. 
For the editio princeps, see L. H. Schiffman, DJD, XX, 3 1 -1 23. 



1Q27 combined with 4Q300, fr. 3 and 4Q299, fr. 

1 

I ... all {so that they might know the difference between g[ood and evil] 
...} (4Q300) the mysteries of sin ... {all their wisdom} (4Q300). 

They know not the mystery to come, nor do they understand the 
things of the past. They know not that which shall befall them, nor do 
they save thei r soul from the mystery to come. 

And this shall be the sign for you that these things shall come to 
pass. 

When the breed of iniquity is shut up, wickedness shall then be 
banished by righteousness as darkness is banislied by the light. As 
smoke clears and is no more, so shall wickedness perish for ever and 
righteousness be revealed like a sun goveming the world. All who 
cleave to the mysteries of sin shall be no more; krxjwledge shall fill the 
world and folly shall exist no longer. 



This word shall surely come to pass; this prophecy is true. And by 
this may it be i<nown to you that it shaii not be tal<en bacl<. 

Do not ali the peoples loathe iniquity? And yet it is spread by them 
ali. Does not the fame of truth issue from the mouth of aii the nations? 
Yet is there a Hp or tongue which holds to It? Which nation likes to be 
oppressed by another stronger than itself, or likes its wealth to be 
wickedly seized? And yet which nation has not oppressed another, 
and where is there a people which has not seized [anotherj's wealth? 



4Q299, fr. 3a 4-6 (4Q300 5) 

...And what shaii man be called ... wise and righteous, for man has no 
... , nor concealed wisdom save the wisdom of wicked cunning and the 
de[sign of] ... a deed that shaii not be done again except ... the word of 
his Maker And what shall a m[an] do ... who rebels against the word of 
his Maker, his name shall be expunged from the mouth of aii ... Listen, 
you who hold up [truth (?)] ... eternity and the plans of existence and the 
thou[ghts] ... every mystery and establishes every plan. He is the author 
of aii [that is to come.] He is from before eternity. 'He' is His name and 
for e[ver] ... 



4Q300 1a-b ii 4=4Q299 2 i 14 



... [the sorcjerers, experts in sin, have uttered the parable and 
proclaimed the riddle in advance. And then you will know if you have 
considered ... and the attestations of heave[n] ... your foolishness for 
the [sjeai of the vision is sealed away from you. And you have not 
considered the mysteries of eternity and have not comprehended 
understanding. Th[en] you will say ... for you have not considered the 
root of wisdom. And if you open the vision, it will remain shut from you 
... all your wisdom for ttie ... is for you ... his name for [wh]at is the 



hidden wisdom 



4Q301 
Fr.1 

i wiii cause my spirit to flow and i wiii divide my words for you according 
to your l<inds ... [a pjarable and a riddle. And tliose who search for the 
roots of understanding together with those who hold unto the 
[wonderful] my[steries] ... those who are silly, and the scheming men for 
all the acomplishmente of their actions ... 



Time of Righteousness 



(4Q215a) 



Previously classified as part of the Testament of Naphtali (4Q21 5), the 
four fragments of 4Q215a, of which only one is translatable, belong to 
a work of poetic eschatology. The subject is the end of wickedness 
and the portrayal of final blessedness. 

For the editio princeps, see E. Chazon and M. Stone, DJD, XXXVI, 
172-86. 



Fr. 1 ii 



... and the stressful constraint and the ordeal of the pit and they shall be 
refined by them to become the elect of righteousness, and all their 
wickedness will be blotted out (?) because of His loving-kindness. For 
the age of wickedness is complete and all injustice has [passed] away. 
[For] the time of righteousness has come and the earth is full with 
knowledge and the praise of God. In the day[s of] ... has come the age 
of peace and the precepts of truth and the testimony of righteousness 
to make one understand the ways of God and the might of His deeds 
for ever and ever Every ... shall bless Him and every man shall 
prostrate himself before Him. [And they shall have] one [hejart. For He 
knows their recompense before they were created and had assigned 
the service of righteousness as their boundaries ... in their 
generations. For the dominion of righteousness/of goodness has 
come and He shall raise up the throne of the [kingdom], and 
intelligence is greatly exalted; prudence and soundness are tried by 
[His] h[o]lydesi[gn] ... 



The Renewed Earth 



(4Q 475) 



A single fragment of a poem, palaeographically datable to the late first 
century BCE, depicts tlie eschatologicai bliss of the Holy land. 
For the editio phnceps, see T. Elgvin, DJD, XXXVI, 464-73. 



... [He has] chosen [Zio]n, and in righteous life ... [And] they did 

forget [His precepts] and did not seek them. And the land 

(His) hands in the midst of them and explained to them all the 
[laws?] ... [a]ll the earth so that there will be no more guilt in the 

land, nor will be [destruction and all hatred and the whole 

world will be like a moth. And all [its] inhabitants And the 

land will be at rest for ever. And [its] inhabita[nts] will ... [And 
they will become] a beloved son and they will seek all of it, and 
righteousness ... 



A Messianic Apocalypse 



(4Q521) 



Commonly referred to as the 'Resurrection fragment', this writing 
consists of sixteen fragments. The script is dated to the beginning of 
the first century BCE. Whether the designation 'apocalypse' is fully 
justified is a moot point: the writing comes across as a composition in 
verse akin to the poetry of the late biblical period. The surviving 
fragments do not appear to include anything patently sectarian. The 
term 'IVIessiah', probably in the singular, is used without the addition of 
Aaron or Israel, and the noun 'hasidim', absent from the big scrolls and 
little attested elsewhere, figures in lines 5 and 7. The divine name 
'Lord' represents, not the Tetragram, but Adonai (four times). The 
poem incorporates Ps. cxivi, 6-7 and Isa. Ixi, 1, the latter cited also in 
the New Testament (Lk. iv, 18). As in the Gospels, healing and 
resurrection are linked to the idea of the Kingdom of God. Line 12 
furnishes the most explicit evidence concerning the raising of the 
dead. Fragment 7, line 6, repeats the same idea, referring to God as 
'He who will raise the dead of His people'. 

For Vneeditio princeps, see E. Puech, DJD, XXV, 1—38; of. G. 
Vermes, 'Qumran Forum Miscellanea \\JJSA3 (1992), 303^. 



Fr. 2 



II ... [the hea]vens and the earth will listen to His Messiah, and none 
therein will stray from the commandments of the holy ones. 

Seekers of the Lord, strengthen yourselves in His service! 

All you hopeful in (your) heart, will you not find the Lord in this? 

For the Lord will consider the pious (hasidim) and call the righteous 



by name. 

Over the poor His spirit will hover and will renew the faithful with His 
power. 

And He will glorify the pious on the throne of the eternal Kingdom. 

He who liberates the captives, restores sight to the blind, straightens 
the b[ent] (Ps. cxivi, 7-8). 

And f[or] ever I will clea[ve to the h]opeful and in His mercy ... 

And the fr[uit ... ] will not be delayed for anyone 

And the Lord will accomplish glorious things which have never been 
as [He ... ] 

For He will heal the wounded, and revive the dead and bring good 
news to the poor (Isa. Ixi, 1 ). 
... He will lead the uprooted and make the hungry rich ... 

Fr.7 

... [the ear]th and all that is on it; and the sea [and all that is in it] and all 
the ponds of water and rivers who are doing good before the Lor[d] ... 
... like those who curse and are (destined) for death [when] the Life- 
giver will raise the dead of His people. 

And we will thank and proclaim to you the righteousness of the Lord, 
who ... 



E. Wisdom Literature 




The Seductress', Israel Antiquities Authority 



The Seductress 



(4Q184) 



A long and relatively well-preserved Wisdom poem from Cave 4 
(4Q184) depicts, by means of tlie metaphor of tlie harlot, the dangers 
and attraction of false doctrine. Palaeographically, the text is dated to 
the first century BCE, but the work may be much older, possibly 
antedating the Qumran sect. 

For the editio princeps, see J. IVI. Allegro and A. A. Anderson, 
DJD,V, 82-5. Cf also J. Strugnell, RQ7 (1970), 263-8. 

... speaks vanity and ... errors. 

She is ever prompt to oil her words, and she flatters with irony, 
deriding with iniquitous l[ips]. 

Her heart is set up as a snare, and her kidneys (affections) as a 
fowler's nets. 

Her eyes are defiled with iniquity, her hands have seized hold of 
the Pit. 

Her legs go down to work wickedness, and to walk in wrong- 
doings. 

Her... are fourKlations of darkness, and a multitude of sins is in 
her skirts. 

Her... are darkness of night, and her garments... 

Her clothes are shades of twilight, and her ornaments plagues 

of corruption. 

Her couches are beds of corruption, and her ... depths of the pit. 
Her inns are couches of darkness, and her dominions in the 
midst of the night. 

She pitches her dwelling on the fourKlations of darkness she 
abides 1 n the tents of si lence. 

Amid everlasting fire is her inheritance, not among those who 



shine brightly. 

She is the beginning of ali the ways of iniquity. 

Woe (and) disaster to all who possess her! And desolation to 

all who hold her! 

For her ways are ways of death, and her pattis are roads of sin, 
and her tracks are pathways to iniquity, and her by-ways are 
rebellious wrong-doings. 

Her gates are gates of death, and from the entrance of the 
house she sets out towards the underworld. 
None of those who enter there will ever return, and all who 
possess her will descend to the Pit. She lies in wait in secret 

places, ... 

In the city's squares she veils herself, and she stands at the 
gates of towns. 

She will never re[st] from wh[orin]g, her eyes glance hither and 
thither. 

She lifts her eyelids naughtily to stare at a virtuous man and join 
him, and an important man to trip him up, at upright men to 
pervert their way, and the righteous elect to keep them from the 
commandment, at the firmly established to bring them down 
wantonly, and those who walk in uprightness to alter the statute; 
to cause the humble to rebel against God, and turn their steps 
away from the ways of justice, to bring insolence to their heart, 
so that they march no more in the paths of uprightness; to lead 
men astray to the ways of the Pit, arxJ seduce with flatteries 
every son of man. 



Exhortation to Seek Wisdom 



(4Q185) 



Large fragments of a Wisdom poem in which a teacher encourages 
his 'people', his 'sons', the 'Simple', to search for Wisdom have been 
preserved in Cave 4 (4Q185). The script is believed to be late 
Hasmonaean, i.e. from the first half of the first century BCE. As is often 
the case in Wisdom literature, events of the patriarchal arxJ Mosaic 
past are used for didactic purposes. 

For the editio princeps, see J. M. Allegro and A. A. Anderson, DJD, 
V, 85-7. Cf J. Strugnell, RQ 7 (1970), 269-73. 

I ... And you, sons of men, woe to you! 

For he (man) sprouts from his ground like grass, and his grace 

blossoms like a flower. 

His [gl]ory blows away and his grass dries up, and the wind 

carries away its flower 

... so that it is found no more ... 

They shall seek him but shall not firKi him, and there Is no hope 

(for him); and his days are like a shadow over the ea[rth]. 

Now pray hearken to me, my people; heed me, O you Simple; 

become wise through the might of God. 

Remember His miracles which He did In Egypt, and His 

marvels in the land of Ham. 

Let your heart shake because of His fear, 

II and do His will your souls according to His good graces, 

and search for yourself a way towards life, a highway [towards 
...] 

a remnant for your sons after you. 

And why have you given up your soul to vanity, ... judgement? 
Hearken to me, O my sons, and do rxjt rebel against the words 



ofYHWH. 

Do not walk ... [but in ttie way He established] for Jacob, and in 
the path which He decreed for Isaac. 

Is one day not better His fear, and not to be afflicted (?) by 

dread and the fowler's net. ... to be set apart from His angels, 
for there is no darkness, nor gloom ... 

And you, what do you understand ... before Him evil shall go 
towards every people. 

Happy is the man to whom it (Wisdom) has been given thus, ... 

the evil, nor let the wicked boast, saying: 

It has not been given me, nor ... [For God gave it] to Israel, and 

with a good measure He measures it; and He will redeem all 

His people, and He will put to death those wtx) hate His 

Wisdom. 

Seek her and find her, grasp her and possess her! 

With her is length of days arxl fatness of bone, the joy of the 

heart and ... 

Happy is the man who works it ... wfio does not seek it ... of 
deceit, nor holds to it with flatteries. 

As it has belonged to his fathers, so will he inherit it, and hold 
fast to it with all the strength of his might, and all his 
immeasurable ... and he shall cause his offspring to inherit it. 

I know how to labour for good ... 
Ill ... 

[God inspects] all the chambers of the womb and He tries all its 
inward parts. 

[God shapes] the tongue and knows its words. 

God makes the hand [and understands their deeds (?)] ... 



A Parable of Warning 



(4Q302) 



This text comprises eighteen badiy damaged papyrus fragments 
paiaeographicaiiy dated to the end of the second century BCE. The 
topic of the first fragment seems to be the giant 'good' tree which 
produces thorns. 
For the editio princeps, see B. Nitzan, DJD, XX, 1 35-41 . 



Fr. 2 ii 



II Sages, reflect on this, 
if a man has a good tree 
[which grows] as far as heaven 

[and its branches reach (?)] 
to the ex[tremitie]s of the iands, 
yet it [pr]oduces thorny fruits (?) 
... former rain and iatter rain ... 
and in thirst ... 



Fr. 3 ii 



... God wiii avenge Himseif on you for your transgression ... your 
designs and He does not stand up against you to rebuke you, and to 
dispute with you. God's seat is in heaven and His dominion is over the 
iands and seas ... 



Sapiential Didactic Worit A 



(4Q412) 



This badly mutilated wisdom composition is represented by four 
fragments. Ttiey contain oniy one translatable sentence. 
For the editio princeps, see A. Steudel, DJD, XX, 1 64-7. 



Fr. 1 



[P]ut a lock on your lips and protecting doors to your tongue ... 



A Sapiential Worit (i) 



(4Q413) 



Two fragments have preserved the first four lines of a column from a 
Wisdom composition. The script Is Herodian, dating to the turn of the 
era. The word 'God' Is written with palaeo-Hebrew letters In lines 2 and 
4. 

For the editio princeps, see E. Qlmron, DJD, XX, 169-71 . 

... I will teach you [knowledge(?)] and wisdom, 

And understand the ways of man 

and the works of the sons of ma[n]. 

[According to] God's [lovlng-klndness] towards man, 

He has enlarged his Inheritance In the knowledge of His truth, 

and according to His rejection of every ev[ll man,] 

no-one who [walks after] his ears and his eyes shall live. 

And now [His] lovlng-klndness ... the ancient, 

they will consider the years of all the generations 

as God has revealed ... 



A Sapiential Worit (ii) 



(40415-18, 423, 1Q26) 



A substantial Wisdom composition, probably dating to the second 
century BCE, has survived in six fragmentary manuscripts, one from 
Cave 1 (1 Q26) and five partly overlapping scrolls from Cave 4 (4Q41 5, 
416, 417, 418a and b and 423). Apart from the last-mentioned 
manuscript, dated to the first half of the first century CE, all are said to 
be early Herodian (30 — 1 BCE). The w/ork is unquestionably sectarian 
and displays a terminology akin to the Community Rule, the Damascus 
Document and the Thanksgiving Hymns. T. Elgvin has attempted to 
reconstruct the original work and he sums up Its contents as follows: 
argument with a neighbour; relationship of the elect to God and man; 
God as provider for all his creatures; business ethics; a modest life; 
deposit to be returned in full; the hope of the just man; divine mysteries 
to be studied and the praise of God's name; attitude to parents, wife, 
children; the elect and the sage's escape from God's anger; God as 
permanent judge of wickedness; God as creator of the heavenly 
beings and luminaries; God as future judge; mankind's submission to 
God; the fate of the just and the wicked; religious life; first-born sons of 
God in praise of him; the use of insight; God's eternal plant: the saints; 
God's providence; the distribution of the portions of the elect; the 
farmer and the garden of Eden; Warning: God is to try man. Cf T. 
Elgvin, 'The Reconstruction of Sapiential Work A, RQ16 (1995), 559- 
80. 

For the editio princeps, see J. Strugnell and D. J. Harrington, DJD, 
XXXIV, 1-503 (4Q415-418C and 1Q26), and T Elgvin, ibid., 505-33 
(4Q423). 



4Q416, fr. 1 (=40418, fr. 2) 



From heaven He judges the work of wickedness 
and all the sons of truth will be accepted ... 
... [until] his end 

and all those who have wallowed In It 
shall be frightened and scream. 
For heaven ... 

The waters and abysses shall be frightened, 
and all the spirits of flesh shall be laid bare. 
And the sons of heaven ... Its Oud]gement. 
And all Injustice will yet come to an end 
and the age of trut[h] will be completed ... 
... In all the everlasting ages. 
For He Is the God of truth, and from the beginning 
of years ... 

to establish righteousness between good and ev[ll]. 

[For] his Is a fleshly [ln]cllnatlon 
and his foundation ... 



4Q416, fr. 2 ii (4Q417 2 ii, 4Q418 8, 21, 22, 
4041 8a 

[for] He opens His mercies ... 

and to give nourishment to all the living. 
If he keeps his hand tight, 
the spirit of all flesh is gathered In. 
Do not take ... 

... and the debtor ... let him quickly repay (his debt). 

As for you, settle with him, 

for you must keep an eye on your money purse. 



At[tend] your creditor on behalf of your friend 

and you have gi[ven] aii your iife for (?) him. 

Give quicl<iy what is his and tal<e [your] purse. 

Let your spirit not diminish because of your words; 

do not exchange your hoiy spirit for any weaith, 

for no price equals it ... 

For no man thrusts you away. 

With favour seek His face 

and speak according to His tongue 

and you will then find your pleasure 

... do not ... 

Do not abandon your precepts 

and take care of yourself with your mysteries. 

If he assigns you some work to do, 

do not rest or give sleep to your eyes 

until you have done 

[his] command[ments] ... 

[and] do not add ... 

And if it is to be humbled, do not ... 

Lift up your eyes and see 

that man's zeal is great 

for deceitful is the heart more than every ... 

And also by His gentle wisdom you will hold fast to His 

... you will consult with him. 

And you will be his first-born son 

and (he will) have compassion on you 

like a man on his only son; 

... for you are his servant and his chosen one 

Do not trust ... 

and do not keep awake because of ... 

and become for him like a slave ... 

Do not strike him who is without your strength 

lest you stumble and your shame increase greatly. 

[Do not s]ell yourself for wealth 

it is better for you to be a slave in spirit. 

And serve your master freely 



And do not sell your glory for a price. 

Do not give money In pledge for your Inheritance 

lest It Impoverish your body. 

Do not satiate yourself with bread while there Is no clothing. 

Do not drink wine while there Is no food. 

Do not seek luxury when you lack bread. 

Do not glorify yourself In your need If you are poor 

lest you degrade your life. 

Also do not treat with contempt the vessel of your bosom (wife) 



4Q417, fr. 2i{=4Q416fr. 2i) 

... each time so that he shall not fill you 

and according to his spirit speak against him ... 

without rebuke. 

Forgive the worthy and ... 

And you shall not swallow up his spirit, 

for you have spoken In whisper ... 

And he has recited quickly his rebuke ... 

Do not overlook your sin ... 

for he Is as righteous as you are. 

For he Is a prince among pr[lnces] 

... he will do. 

For how unique Is he In all activity wlth[out] ... 

Do not reckon an unjust man as a help, 

nor one filled with hatred ... [apart from] the wickedness 

of his deeds 

at his visitation. 

Know how to walk with him ... 

Let [lnstr]uctlon not depart from your heart 

and God will be for you, yourself. 

Widen ... In your poverty, 

for who Is more Insignificant than a poor man. 

Do not be jolly while In mourning 



lest you labour all your life. 

Look at the approaching mystery 

and grasp the sources (or: begetters) of salvation, 

and know who is to inherit glory or injustice. 

Will they not... 

and for their mourning everlasting joy. 

Be an advocate for your business ... all your sins. 

Pronounce your judgement like a righteous ruler. 

Do not ta[ke] ... 

and do not overlook your sin. 

Be like a poor man in your dispute; 

His judgement ...take. 

Then God will see and His anger will cease, 

and He will forgive your sins ... 

[Fojr before His anger 

no one can stand, 

And who is righteous in His judgement? 

And without pardon, how can the poor [stand firm 

before Him]? 

And as for you, if you are in need of food, 

your need and your plenty ... you will make abundant. 

Be led to the sustenance of His delight, 

and take from Him your inheritance 

and do not add agaijn] ... 

[By the word] of his mouth everything is 

and whatever He feeds you with, eat it. 

... of your life, vacat 

If in your need you borrow money from people 

do not ... day and night 

and there shall be no rest for your soul 

[until] you have repaid [your] creditor [his money]. 

Do not lie to him so that you will not bear guilt for it. 

Furthermore, because of the reproach ... 

You will not trust his neighbour. 

In your need he will close his hand. 



Your strength ... 

If you receive a stroke ... 

Do not hide from him who stril<es you 

So that he will not reveal your shame ... 



4Q416 2 iii (4Q417 2 ii 26, 4Q418 9-10) 



and remember that you are poor ... 

What you lack, you will not find ... 

[If someone has left] a deposit with you, 

do not put your hand on it lest it be burnt 

and your body be devoured by its flame. 

A[s you have received] it, so return it 

and you will rejoice if you have no responsibility for it. 

Accept no goods from someone whom you do not know 

lest he increase your poverty. 

But if he has thrust it on you, let it be a deposit until death, 

but do not let your spirit be destroyed by it. 

Then you will lie with the truth 

and your memory will flowe[r for ev]er when you die, 

and your posterity will inherit joy. 

You are poor, do not desire anything save your 

inheritance, 

and do not be devoured by it lest you change your 

boundary. 

But if He brings you back to glory, walk in it, 

and in the approaching mystery search its beginnings. 

Then you will know 

His inheritance and you will walk in righteousness 

For God will shine His face on all your ways. 

Honour Him who glorifies you and praise His name always. 

For your head is above the summit of the mountains 

and He has given you a seat among the nobles 



and has made you to rule over an inheritance of giory. 
Seel< aiways His pleasure. 

You are a poor man. Do not say: 

Since i am poor, i wiii not seel< l<nowiedge. 

Shoulder every discipline 

and with every ... refine your heart, 

and your thoughts with a multitude of understanding. 

Search the approaching mystery 

and consider all the ways of truth, 

and behold all the roots of injustice. 

Then you will know what is bitter for a man 

and what is sweet for a human being. 

Honour your father in your poverty 

and your mother in your steps. 

For his father is like God to a man 

and his mother like a ruler to a human being. 

For they are the crucible from which you were born 

and as He placed them over you as rulers 

and a frame for the spirit (?), so serve them, 

and as He has revealed to you the approaching mystery, 

honour them for your honour's sake 

and in ... the splendour of their face 

for your life's sake and for the length of your days. 

And if you are as poor as ... 

without precept. 

You have taken a wife in your poverty, 

take the offspring ... 

from the approaching mystery 

when you are joined together. 

Walk with the helpmate of your flesh ... 



4Q416 iv (4Q418 10 5-10) 



... his father and his mother and he will cling [to his wife 
and they will become one flesh] 
He made him rule over her 
and she ... 

He did not make her father rule over her 
and He separated her from her mother . 
and towards you [will be her longing 
and she will be] one flesh for you. 
He will separate your daughter for another 
and your sons ... 

And you will become one with the wife of your bosom, 

for she is the flesh of your na[kedness] 

and whoever rules over her apart from you 

has changed the boundary of his life. 

He has made you to rule over her spirit 

so that she may walk according to your pleasure. 

Let her not increase vows and free-will offerings ... 

Bring back (her?) spirit to your good pleasure, 

and annul by the utterance of your mouth 

every binding oath of hers by which to vow a vow. 

And by your will, stop her ... 

of your lips ... forgive her for your sake. 

Let her not multiply ... 



4Q417 1 i (4Q418, fr. 43-45 i) 

... [And] you, O man of understanding, ... 
Look on ... 

and grasp the wonderful mysteries of the God of awe. 

Look at the approaching mysteries 
And the ancient deeds ... 
... what was and what will be ... 
... in each deed and de[ed] ... 



[day and] night he meditates on the approaching mystery 

and studies (it) always. 

Then you will know truth and injustice, 

wisdom [and folly ... ] 

... in all their ways 

together with their visitation 

for all the eternal ages and everlasting visitation. 

Then you will know the difference 

between [go]od and evil relating to their deeds. 

For the God of knowledge is the foundation of truth, 

and through the approaching mystery 

He set apart its foundation, 

the work of [His hands] ... 

... and in pure understanding were revealed 

... the secrets of his thought 

with his perfect conduct in all his deeds. 

Always seek these eagerly, 

and understand all their results. 

And then you will know everlasting glory 

and His marvellous mysteries, and the might of His deeds. 

And you will understand the beginning of your reward 

at the memorial of the time that has come. 

Engraved is the decree and all the visitation is determined. 

For God's ordinance is engraved 

over all the in[iquities] of the sons of Seth. 

And a book of memorial is written before Him 

for those who keep His word. 

And this is the vision issuing from the meditation 

on the book of memorial. And He gave it as a heritage 

to mankind and to the people of the spirit. 

For his (man's) shape is modelled on the holy ones, 

but meditation belongs no more to the fleshly spirit, 

for it cannot distinguish between g[ood] and evil 

according to the judgement of its spirit. 

And you, son of understanding, look ... at the approaching mystery 
and know the heritage of all the living. 



And his conduct and his visitation ... 

... whether iarge or smaii ... 

do not be touched by wicl<edness ... 

[For whoever is touched] by it 

wiii not be innocent. 

According to his inheritance in it 

He wiii be wicl<[ed] ... 

Son of the inteiiigent, 

Consider your mysteries 

And the foundation of ... 



4Q418,fr. 55 



... watchfuiness wiii be in our heart ... 
and confidence in aii our ways, vacat 
... l<nowiedge, 

and they have not searched for understandi[ng, 
and] ... have not chosen, vacat 
is [he] not the God of l<nowiedge, 
... on the truth, 

estabiishing aii [their ways of un]derstanding? 

He has assigned to aii those who inherit truth 

... watchfuiness ... 

Have not peace and quiet... ? 

[Have] you not l<nown ... ? 

For the hoiyangeis ... in heaven 

[and] ... truth. 

And they wiii pursue aii the roots of understanding, 

And watch over ... 

[And ac]cording to their l<nowiedge 

they wiii be honoured, one more than another, 

and in conformity with his inteiiigence 

wiii his honour increase. 

... Are they (the angeis?) inert iii<e man? 



Are they quiet like a son of man? 
Are tliey not... eternity, 
Inheriting an everlasting possession? 
Have you not seen ... ? 



4Q418,fr. 69(40417 51-5) 

II... 

And now, O you foolish hearts, 

What good is to (someone) who is not... 

[What] is silence for someone who does not exist, 

and what is judgement if it has no foundation? 

Why do the dead groan over their ... 

... you have been shaped 

and your return is to eternal destruction. 

For it shall wake up... your sin 

Darkness will roar against your dispute. 

And all those who will exist for ever, 

those who search truth will be aroused for your judgement 

[and then] all the foolish hearts will be destroyed, 

and the sons of injustice will be found no more, 

[and ajll the supporters of wickedness will be put to shame. 

The foundations of the firmament scream at your judgement 

and all the ... will thunder. 

And you, elect of truth 

and pursuers of [righteousness and] jud[gement] 

... guardians of all knowledge, 

how will you say: 

We labour for understanding 

and keep awake to pursue knowledge 

... and be not weary in all the years of eternity. 

Will he not delight in truth for ever 

and knowledge... The s[ons of] heaven whose inheritance is eternal 
life. 



Will they indeed say: 

We have laboured in the worl<s of truth 

and we exhausted ourselves in all the ages. 

Will they not wall< in eternal light 

[and inherit g]lory and great splendour. 

And you, O son of [understanding] ... 



4Q418,fr. 81 (4Q423 8 1) 

Your lips are the opening of a spring to bless the holy, 

and in the eternal spring you have praised... 

The [Hol]y... has separated you from every spirit (bound to) 

flesh. 

As for you, separate from all that He hates, 

and keep away from all the abomination of the soul. 

For He has made all, 

and caused them to inherit each his heritage. 

He is your portion and your heritage among the sons of man, 

[and] He has made you ruler [in] his [her]itage. 

And in this you glorify Him, in consecrating yourself to Him. 

When He made of you the holy of holies for the whole world 

And in all these 

He cast your lot. 

And He has much increased your glory 

and has made you the first-born for Himself among... 

... and I give you IVly goodness. 

As for you, is not IVly goodness for you? 

In His faithfulness He has walked always. 

... your deeds. 

And as for you, search His judgements from all your accusers 
with all ... love Him, 

and with eternal loving-kindness, and with mercy towards 
all who keep His word. 
And his zeal... 



And as for you, He has opened understanding to you and has made 

you the ruler over His treasury 

and appointed [you] a receptacle of truth ... 

... them with you, 

and to revoke anger from the men of goodwill by your hand. 
And to visit... with you, 

and before you take your heritage from His hand, 
glorify(?) His holy ones; 
and bef[ore] ... 

... He has opened the [sprjing of all the holy ones, 
and everyone called holy by His name ... 
... with all the ages, 

his beauty and splendour to become an ever[lasting] plant. 
... will walk all those who inherit the earth. 
For in heav[en] ... 

And you, O man of understanding, 

if He has made you rule over handcraft 

and know[ledge] ... 

secret (?) to all mortal men. 

And from there you will seek your prey 

and ... understand much. 

And by all your instructors increase in learning. 

... bring from your poverty 

to all those who seek pleasure. 

Then you will establish... 

... you will be filled 

and you will be satisfied with plenty of good. 

By the skill of your hands... 

For God has assigned a heritage to all the [living] 

and all those wise in heart have become intelligent... 



Fr. 103 ii 



... For all of them will seek their times 
and each man according to [his] pleasure.. 



like a spring of iiving water which contains a secret. 
... Do not mix with your merchandise that which... 
Why shouid it be a mixture iil<e a muie, 
and you shouid be iii<e one dres[sed in mixed materials], 
in wooi and in iinen, 

and you shouid labour with an ox and an ass (yoked) together. 
Your produce also would be like that of one who sows 
mixed seeds. 

Let the seed and the crop and the produce of the [vineyard] 
be holy 



4Q423,frs. 1, 2 



... and every fruit that is grown 

and every tree that is pleasant 

and desirable providing understanding. 

Is this not a pl[easant and desirable] garden 

providing much understanding? 

He made you (Adam) rule over it 

to cultivate and guard it. vacat 

... [the soil] will sprout for you thorn and thistle 

and it will not give you its strength 

... because of your unfaithfulness, vacat 

... she (Eve) gave birth 

and all the sentiments of her who has concei[ved] ... 
... all your secrets... and all your affairs. 
For it will sprout [for you] everything... 
... [knowing] evil, knowing good ... 



4Q423 fr.5 5 



... and beware lest you... the judgement of Korah. 

And as He has unstopped your ear... 

... and the prince of your people... 

He has divided the inheritance of all the rulers 

and the formation of every [dee]d is in His hand. 

He [knows] the reward of [their worl<s 

and] j[udges] them all in truth. 

He visits the sons and the fathers, 

[the sojourners] (proselytes) with all the natives. 

He will speak... 

[If you are a fjarmer, 

pay attention to the seasons of the summer 

and gather in your produce in its time, 

and the period of... 

... the good with the evil 

Observe your produce and your work. 

In your labour consider... the good with the bad, 

the intelligent man with the fool 



A Sapiential Worl^ (iii): Ways of Righteousness 



(4Q420-21) 



Two badly fragmented copies of a Wisdom composition portray tlie 
beliaviour of tine rigliteous man in universal terms. However, since tlie 
vocabulary of 4Q421 1 i echoes the terminology of the Community 
Rule, the whole work may be classified as sectarian. 
For the editio princeps, see T. Elgvin, DJD, XX, 1 73-202. 



4Q420, fr. 1 (4Q421,fr. 1 ii) 

II to practise righteousness in the ways of God (4Q421 ii). 

... he shall not reply before he has heard, 

nor shall he speak before he has gained understanding. 

He shall patiently respond and... shall issue a word. 

He shall seek truth (and) judgement 

and by searching righteousness he shall find its outcome. 

A humble and modest man shall not turn back 

until... 

A faithful man shall not depart from the ways of righteousness 

and he shall set his heart on ... 

and the bones (of) his hands on ... 

He shall be redeemed through righteousness; 

through understanding... his fields. 

His territory... 

to [practise ri]ghteousness ... 



4Q421,fr. 1a i 



... [He shall bring all] his wisdom, knowledge, understanding and good 
things [into the Community of God] ... (cf. 1QS 1, 11-12) to regulate aii 
(piacement of) one before another... tlie first lot will fall. And thus they 
shaii set out... (cf. 1 QS 1 1 , 21 -23). 



A Sapiential Worit Instruction-lilte Composition 



(4Q424) 



The main aim of this poetic composition is to instruct the just man how 
to ensure the progress of wisdom by not entrusting its propagation to 
the unworthy. Palaeographically it is dated to the second half of the first 
century BCE. 

For the editio princeps, see S. Tanzer, DJD, XXXVI, 333-46. 



Fr. 1 



... and he will choose to build it, 

and will spread plaster on its wall. 

He too ... will become loose because of the rain. 

Do not learn a precept in the company of hypocrites 

nor come to the furnace with a totterer, 

for he will melt away like lead, 

and will not stand up to the fire... 

and do not entrust a sleepy man with something delicate, 

for he will not treat your work gently... 

Do not send... learning (?), 

for he will not smooth down your paths. 

Do not [send... ] a grumbler to procure money for your 

need, 

nor put your trust in a man with twisted lips, 

[for] he will surely twist your judgement by his Hps. 

His desire will not follow the truth, 

... by the fruit of his lips. 

Do not put a stingy man in charge of mone[y]. 



... mete out your food according to your desire... 

... tliose wlio bring abundance... 

but at tlie time of gatliering lie wiii be found ungodiy. 

Tlie sliort-tempered... tine simpie, 

for lie wiii sureiy swaiiow tliem up ... 



Fr. 3 



... and he wiii not do his deed by weighing it. 

A man who judges before inquiry, 

and one who beiieves before ... , 

do not put him in charge of those who pursue l<nowiedge, 

for he wiii not understand their manner 

so as to justify the just and deciare the wici<ed [wici<ed]; 

he too wiii be for contempt. 

Do not send a biind man to bring a vision to the upright; 
ii[i<ewise] do not send a man who is hard of hearing to inquire 

into judgement, 

for he wiii not smooth out a quarrei between peopie. 
Lii<e one who scatters into the wind... 
... who does not test, 

so is he who speal<s to an ear which does not iisten, 

and tail<s to a man deep asieep through a spirit... 

Do not send a 'fat-hearted' (dense) man to acquire thoughts, 

for the wisdom of his heart is hidden, 

and he wiii not be in charge o[f his heart], 

and wiii not find wisdom for his hands. 

An inteiiigent man gains unjderstanding], 

a i<nowing man wiii bring forth wisdom... 

an upright man deiights injustice, 

a man of truth rejjoices in] ... 

a mighty man is zeaious for... 

He is an adversary to aii changers of boundaries, 

... righteousness for the poor of... 



He disputes with aii wlio move tlie boundaries. 
A mercifui man [gives] aims to tlie poor. 
He is concerned for aii tliose witliout property 
The sons of righteousness... 



The Two Ways 



(4Q473) 



Inspired by Deuteronomy xi, 26-28, this fragmentary text, 
paiaeograpiiicaiiy dated to the end of the first century BCE, is akin to 
the instruction on the Two Spirits in the Community Rule (1 QS 111,13- 

IV, 25). 

For the editio phnceps, see T. Elgvin, DJD, XXII, 289-99. 

... and He has placed [before you] t[wo] ways one which is goo[d and 
one which is evil. If you choose the good way], He wiii bless you. But if 
you walk in the [evil] way [He will curse you] ... and in your [te]nts, and 
He will destroy you with ... and mildew, snow, ice and hai[l] ... with all. 



Bless, My Soul 



(Barki nafshi^"^, 4Q434-438) 



Cave 4 has yielded five manuscripts (4Q434-438) of a poetic 
composition designated by the opening words of the f rst section as 
Barki nafshi or 'Bless, my soul'. A sixth manuscript (4Q439) is said to 
be akin to it. The pieces translated are not unlike some of the 
Thanksgiving Hymns, but include no sectarian features. 

For the editio princeps, see M. Weinfeld and D. Seely, DID, XXIX, 
255-334. 



4Q434, fr. I 

Bless, my soul, the Lord 

for all His marvels for ever, 

and may His name be blessed. 

For He has delivered the soul of the poor, 

and has not despised the humble, 

and has not forgotten the misery of the deprived. 

He has opened His eyes towards the distressed, 

and has heard the cry of the fatherless, 

and has turned His ears towards their crying. 

He has been gracious to the humble by His great kindness, 

and has opened their eyes to see His ways, 

and [thei]r e[ar]s to hear His teaching. 

He has circumcised the foreskin of their heart, 

and has delivered them because of His kindness, 

and has directed their feet towards the way. 

He has not forsaken them amid the multitude of their 



misery, 

neither lias He lianded tliem over to the violerrt, 

nor lias He judged tliem togetlner witli the wicl<ed. 

[He has] not [directed] His anger against them, 

neither did he annihiiate them in His wrath. 

Whiie all His furious wrath was not growing weary, 

He has not judged them in the fire of His ardour, 

but He has judged them in the greatness of His mercy. 

The judgements of His eyes were to try them, 

and He has brought His many mercies among the nations, 

[and from the hand of] men He has delivered them. 

He has not judged them (amid) the mass of nations, 

and in the midst of peoples He has not judged [them]. 

But He hid them in [His] ... 

He has turned darkness into light before them, 

and crooked places into level ground. 

He has revealed to them abundance of peace and truth. 

He has made their spirit by measure, 

and has established their words by weight, 

and has caused them to sing(?) like flutes. 

He has given them a [perfect] heart, 

and they have walked in the w[ay of His heart]. 

He has also caused them to draw near to the w[ay of his 

heart]. 

For they have pledged their spirit. 

He sent and covered them and commanded that no plague 

[should affect them]. 

His angel fixed his camp around them; 

He guarded them lest [the enemy?] destroy them. 

Fr. 1 ii 



II... in [their] misery [and] afflicti[on]s [and] He de[liver]ed them [from] all 
affliction. 

... and Thou hast done for them against the sons of man and Thou hast 



delivered them for Thy sake. 

... arxl they expiated for their iniquities and the iniquities of their 
fathers, and they atoned in wa[ter] ... 

... by Thy judgements and to the way which Thou didst teach again... 

Fr.2 

... to comfort the poor woman for her mourning the nations to 

[desjtruction and He will raze the peoples. And the wicked... 
Renew the works of the heaven and of the earth, 
And they will exult and [the whole earth] will be filled with His glory 
He will atone [for] their [guilt] and great goodness will comfort them. 
... eating its fruit and goodness. 

Like a man comforted by his mother, so will He comfort them in 
Jerusal[em. 

Like a bridegroom] with the bride, so will He dwel[l] with her [for e]ver. 
[Fo]r His throne is for ever and ever and His glory ... and all the nations. 
... the arm[yof heav]en will be in it and their delightful [l]and... 
I will bless the Blessed be the name of the Most Hi[gh] ... 

Fr.7b 

... their portions from there from the des[ert to] the gate of hope. 

And He made a covenant with them for peace with the birds [of 

hea]ven and the beasts of the field. 

He made manure of their enemies. He ground Edom and Moab into 
dust... 



4Q436 (combined with 4Q435i) 

I understanding to strengthen the contrite heart and the spirit (which is) 
in it for ever; to comfort ttie weak in the time of their distress and the 



hands of the fallen so that they may rise; to make instruments of 
knowledge; to give knowledge to the wise and the upright to increase 
understanding; so that they may understand Thy deeds which Thou 
hast done in the years of old, in the years of all generations. Eternal 
understanding which... before me, arid Thou keepest Thy law before 
me and Thou hast entrusted Thy covenant to me. And Thou dost 
strengthen the heart... to walk In Thy ways. Thou hast visited my heart 
and Thou hast sharpened my kidneys (affections) that they may not 
forget Thy precepts.... Thou hast... Thy law. Thou hast opened my 
kidneys and hast strengthened me to pursue Thy ways... Thou hast 
made my mouth irrto a sharp sword and opened my tongue for words 
of holiness. Arxl Thou hast set discipline [on them] that they may not 
meditate on man's actions, on the whisper of his lips. Thou hast 
strengthened my feet... and with Thy hand Thou hast strengthened my 
right hand. And Thou hast sent me on the straigh[t path]. 

... Thou hast chased away from me. And Thou hast placed a pure 
heart in its stead; Thou hast chased away the evil inclination [from my] 

II And Thou hast placed [the spirit of holine]ss into my heart and hast 
taken away from me the eyes of fornication. And Thou hast looked 

... Thy [wa]ys; Thou hast removed from me the stiff neck and 
replaced it with humility Thou hast taken away [from me] the rage of 
anger and hast placed in me the spirit of patience [4Q435, fr. 1]. A 
haughty heart and lofty eyes Thou hast... from me ... to me. Thou hast 
blotted out the spirit of lies [4Q435 1] ... hast given me ... 



4Q437 (combined with 4Q434-5) 

Fr.2i 

I... from the congregation of the seekers after... 

They have concealed [a net] to catch me and they pursued [my] sou[l]. 

... their [swor]d penetrated their heart and their bows were broken. 



[For all thi]s I will bless Thy name during my life, for Thou hast delivered 
me from the trap of the nations ... [peo]ples. 

Thy mercies are a shield around me and Thou hast guarded my soul 
among the nations... 

Thou hast [not] made my friends ashamed of me. 
I have not forgotten Thy precepts. 

In the affliction of [my] soul [Thou hast not forsaken me, arxJ] Thou hast 

not hidden Thy face from my supplications. 

Thou hast seen all my meanings and my lnlqultle[s] ... 

When my spirit was fainting. Thou hast listened to my voice. 

[Thou hast hlldden [me] In Thy quiver [and] ... me. 

Thou hast made of me a pointed arrow; Thou hast concealed me in the 

hiding place of Thy palm. 

[... and from the mud] Thou hast delivered me lest I sink In It, and from 
the stream of the gentiles lest it sweep me away and from... arxJ I sank 
In Its depth. 

And from hell Thou hast brought up my soul. 

Thou hast placed life [before me] and Thou hast seated the 

congregation of the men of marvels before me. 

And among the children of righteousness Thou hast comforted me. 

And according to the line of judgement Thou hast cheered up my soul. 

And according to the weight of justice Thou hast vivified my spirit. 

I bless the Lord with al[l my power and I praise] His [g]oodness with the 

joy of my heart. 

I have remembered Thee, O Lord, and my heart Is firm bjefojre Thee. 

I have hoped In Thy salvation, O Lord... I have remembered. 

And my heart has rejoiced and my horn will rise towards Thee. 

My soul thirsts. [My] soul [cjleaves to Thee. On thy deeds will I 

meditate. 

I have remembered Thee on my [couc]h during the watches of the 
night. 



A Leader's Lament 



(4Q439) 



Two small fragments have survived of a poetic lament by a person in 
auttiority. The text is too small to allow us to detennine whether these 
are the words or pseudepigraphic words of a head of the sectarian 
community. 

For the editio princeps, see M. Weinfeld and D. Seeiy, DJD, XXIX, 
335^1 . 



Fr. 1 i 



I... [to] assemble the right[eous] of my people and to establish the way 
of life ... 

[to brinjg into the covenant the men of my company... my inheritance. 
Therefore my eyes are a spring of water... discipline and those who will 
stand up after them, who ... 

And behold my whole city has changed into thorns... 

[Bejhold all my judges have become fooli[sh] ... my righteous ones 

simple-minded, wh[o] ... traitors... 



Fight against Evil Spirits 



(4Q444) 



The main purpose of the person reciting this prayer, of which six small 
fragments have survived, is to curse the spirits of wickedness. The 
genre is the same as 4Q510-1 1 . 
For the editio princeps, see E. Chazon, DJD, XXIX, 367-78. 



Fr. 1-4 i 



I As for me, on account of my fear of God He has opened my 
mouth. 

And through His holy spirit... truth for all [thesje. 

They have become spirits of dispute in my body, 

Precept[s of] ... [from] the frame of the flesh. 

And God has placed in [my] h[eart] 

the spirit of knowledge and understanding, truth and 

righteousness... 

And fortify yourself by the precepts of God, 

And to fight against the spirit of wickedness and not... 

Misjudgements. Cursed be ... 



Songs of the Sage 



(4Q510-11) 



Scraps of two manuscripts from Cave 4 (4Q510-11) represerrt a 
mixture of sapientiai psaims and poems of exorcism. Tlieir editor, M. 
Baiiiet fDJD, Vii, 215-62), assigns the script to tlie end of ttie first 
century BCE, or tlie tuming of tlie era. Ttie first fragment preserves an 
interesting iist of names of demons. 



4Q510 

... praises. Ben[edictions for the K]ing of giory. Words of thanl<sgiving 
in psalms of., to the God of knowledge, the Splendour of power, the 
God of gods. Lord of all the hoiy [His] domlnl[on] is over aii the 
powerfui mighty ones and by the power of his might aii shaii be terrified 
and shaii scatter and be put to flight by the splendour of the dwei[iing] 
of his l<ingly giory. And i, the iVlaster, proclaim the majesty of his beauty 
to frighten and ter[rify] aii the spirits of the destroying angeis and the 
spirits of the bastards, the demons, Llllth, the howlers (?) and [the 
yeipers ...] they who strike suddenly to iead astray the spirit of 
understanding and to appai their heart and their... in the age of the 
domination of wickedness and the appointed times for the humiliation 
of the sons of ligh[t], in the guilt of the ages of those smitten by iniquity, 
not for eternal destruction but for the humiliation of sin. Exalt, O just, the 
God of marvels. My psalms are for the upright... May all whose way is 
perfect exalt him. 



4Q511,fr. 1 



... [on the ea]rth and in all the spirits of his dominion always. Let the 
seas b[le]ss him in their turn and all the creatures living in them. May 
they proclaim the ... of beauty all of them. Let them rejoice before the 
God of justice with shouts of salvation, for there shall be no destroyer in 
their territories, and no spirit of wickedness shall wall< in there. For the 
glory of the God of knowledge has shone forth in his words, and none 
of the sons of iniquity shall endure. 

Fr.2 

I For the Master. [First] Song. Praise the name of his holiness; all who 
know [justice], exalt him... He put an end to the chief of the dominations 
without... eternal Ooy] and everlasting life, to cause light to shine ... his 
[Ijot is the best of Jacob and the inheritance of G[o]d ... of Israel ... they 
who guard the way of God and the pat[h] of his [holjiness for the saints 
of his people. By the discerning knowledge [of Go]d, he placed Israel 
in twelve camps ... the iot of God with the ange[ls] of the luminaries of 
his glory. In his name the praises... he has established for the feast of 
the year and for a common government that they may walk [in] the lot of 
[God] according to [his] glory [and] serve him in the lot of the people of 
his throne. For the God of... 



Fr.8 

[For the Master]. Second [Sjong to frighten those who terrify him... 
Fr.18 

II I have hated all the works of impurity For God has caused the 
knowledge of understanding to shine in my heart. Just chastisers 



(deal) with my perversity, arxJ faithiful judges withi all my sirrfijl guilt. For 
God Is my judge and by the hand of a stranger [He] shall not ... 

Frs. 28-9 

... [ttiey shall] rejoice in God with jubilation. And I [will thank Thjee for, 
because of Thy glory, Thou hast [sjet knowledge on my foundations of 
dust to pr[aise Thee].... outof a shape [of clay] was I moulded and from 
darkness was I kneaded... and iniquity Is In the limbs of my flesh ... 

Fr.30 

Thou hast sealed... the [ejarth ... and they are deep. [The heavens and 
the heavens of the] heavens, and the abysses and the dar[k places of 
the earth] ... Ttx)u, O my God, hast sealed them all and there is none to 
open (them) ... Does one measure by the hollow of a human hand the 
waters of the great (ocean)? Are [the heavens estimated by the span 
(of fingers)? In one third (of a measure)] can any contain the dust of the 
earth, and weigh the mountains In a balance, or the hills In scal[es]? 
Man did not make these. How can he measure the spirit of [God]? 

Fr.35 

... God in all flesh, and an avenging judgement to destroy wickedness, 
and for the raging anger of God towards those seven times refined. 
God shall sancti[fy] (some) of the holy as an everlasting sanctuary for 
himself, and purity shall endure among the cleansed. They shall be 
priests, his righteous people, his host, servants, the angels of his glory. 
They shall praise him with marvellous prodigies. I, I spread the fear of 
God in the ages of my generations to exalt the name ... [to terrify] by his 
might al[l] the spirits of the 'bastards', subduing them by [his] fear... 



Frs.63-4 



II ... I will bless Thy name and in my appointed periods I will recount Thy 
marvels and I will engrave them as precepts of Thy glory's praises. At 
the beginning of every thought of a knowing heart and (with) the 
offering of that which flows from the righteous lips when ready for all 
true worship and with all... 

Fr.63 

III As for me, my tongue shall extol Thy righteousness, for Thou hast 
released it. Thou hast placed on my lips a fount of praise and in my 
heart the secret of the commencement of all human actions and the 
completion of the deeds of the perfect of way and the judgements 
regarding all the service done by them, justifying the just by Thy truth 
and condemning the wicked for their guilt. To announce peace to all 
the men of the Covenant and to utter a dreadful cry of woe for all those 
who breach it ... IV May they bless all Thy works always and blessed 
be Thy name for ever and ever. Amen, amen. 



Beatitudes 



(4Q525) 



The title given to this piece of wisdom poetry, consisting of fifty mostly 
small fragments palaeographically dated to the second half of the first 
century BCE, derives from the repeated use of 'Blessed' ('ashre), 
modelled on Ps. i, 1, and recalling the Beatitudes of the New 
Testament (Matth. v, 3-11). The main structural difference between 
IVIatthew and 4Q525 lies in that the former each time iists the reward of 
the virtue for which people are blessed, whereas the Cave 4 text 
provides ordinary, mostly antithetic, parallelisms instead. 
For the editio princeps, see E. Puech, DJD, XXV, 1 1 5-78. 

Fr. 2 

II [Blessed is] ... with a pure heart 

and does not slander with his tongue. 

Blessed are those who hold to her (Wisdom's) precepts 

and do not hold to the ways of iniquity. 

Blessed are those who rejoice in her, 

and do not burst forth in ways of folly. 

Blessed are those who seek her with pure hands, 

and do not pursue her with a treacherous heart. 

Blessed is the man who has attained Wisdom, 

and walks in the Law of the IVIost High. 

He directs his heart towards her ways, 

and restrains himself by her corrections, 

and always takes delight in her chastisements. 

He does not forsake her when he sees distress, 

nor abandon her in time of strain. 

He will not forget her [on the day of] fear. 



and will not despise [her] when his soul Is afflicted. 
For always he will meditate on her, 
and In his distress he will consider [her?] 

[He will place her] before his eyes, 
so as not to walk In the ways of [folly]. 

Fr. 5 



[Do not] forsake your [lnherl]tance [to the nations] 

nor your portion to strangers... 

For the wise... will Instruct with sweetness. 

Those who [f|ear God observe her (Wisdom's) ways 

and walk In [all] her precepts 

and do not reject her corrections. 

The Intelligent will bring out... 

[and all] those who walk In perfection 

will turn aside Injustice, 

but they will not reject her admonitions 

and will carry [her] ... 

The sensible will recognize her ways 

[and meditate on (?)] her depths. 

... will look. 

Those who love God will withdraw to It (Wisdom) ... 

Fr. 14 ii 

II... your feet will [walk] In an open place and you will advance on 
the high grou[nd of] your [ejnemy. 

[You will love God with all your heart and with all] your soul, and 
He will deliver you from all evil. 

Terror will not come upon you... He will make you Inherit. 

He will fill your days with good and you will w[alk] In great peace 

...you will Inherit glory. 



And you will end up In the eternal resting place... 
And all who know you will walk together following your teaching; 
... will mourn together and will remember you In your ways. 
For you were g[ood] ... 

And now, listen to me, O man of understanding, 
And let your mind be attentive to the utter[ances of my lips]. 
Allow knowledge to enter your heart (literally: belly) ... 
Express [your] utterances with just humility [and] give [not] ... 
[Do not] turn against the words of your friend so that he will not... 
to you. 

Answer as is proper to him who listens to you. 
Beware... 

[Do not] pour out your thought before you have heard their 
words... greatly. 

First listen to their utterance and afterwards answer ... [With 
long-]suffering express them and answer correctly among 
princes. 

... with your lips and a stumbling block of the tongue. 
Beware greatly... lest you are caught by your lips 

As well as ensnared by [your] tongue unseemly words... 

from me and were twisted... 



F. Bible Interpretation 




'The Targum of Job', Israel Antiquities Authority 



Introductory Note 

Five types of biblical commentary have been recovered from the 
Qumran caves. 

The first and least developed form of exegesis is contained in the 
so-called 'Reworked Pentateuch' texts, consisting of a quasi- 
traditional text of the Bible, occasionally rearranged and 
supplemented. To this category belong 4Q158, 364-7, 422, 382, etc. 
The Temple Scroll {11Q19-20) may also be assigned to this group, as 
well as the fairly though not strictly literal Aramaic translations or 
Targums of the Hebrew Scriptures (4Q156-7; 11Q10), to which should 



be added some small fragments of the Greek Bible from Caves 4 and 
7. 

The second type, represented by the Genesis Apocryphon, sets out 
to render the Bible story more Intelligible and attractive by giving It 
more substance, by reconciling conflicting statements, arxJ by 
reinterpreting In the light of contemporary starxJards and beliefs any 
passages which migfit seem to give offence, in a somewhat similar 
manner, a Commentary on Genesis from Cave 4 (4Q252) attempts to 
adjust the chronology of the Flood to the specific sectarian calendar of 
the Qumran Community. 

The third type of commentary departs from the biblical text and, 
relying on one or several passages, creates a new story. Among 
others, the Admonition associated with tfie Flood (4Q370, 185), the 
Words of Moses (1Q22), the New Jerusalem texts (4Q554-5, 5Q15, 
etc.) and the Prayer of Nabonidus (4Q242), Inspired by Genesis, 
Deuteronomy, Ezeklel and Daniel respectively, come into this 
category. 

The fourth and most characteristic form of exegesis applies 
prophetic texts to the past, present and future of the sect. Normaiiy the 
commentator expounds a biblical book verse by verse, e.g. Isaiah 
(4Q161-4); Nahum (4Q169); Habakkuk (IQpHab); the Psalms 
(4Q171, 173), etc., but some works - A Midrash on the Last Days 
(4Q174), The Heavenly Prince Melchizedek (11Q13), etc. - follow the 
traditional Jewish example and assembie passages from different 
parts of Scripture In order to develop a common theme. 

Finally, a substantial amount of free compositions modelled on the 
Blbie,e.g. Jubilees (4Q216-28), Enoch and the Giants (4Q201-12, 
530-33), or circulating together with the Bible, e.g. the Para-Danlellc 
fragments (4Q243-5), and works attributed to Noah {1Q19, etc.), the 
Patriarchs Levi (4Q213-14, 537-41), Moses (4Q374-7, 390), and 
many others constitute a fifth category of exegesis. In one way, the 
Aramaic and Hebrew manuscripts of one of the Apocrypha, the Book 
of Tobit (4Q1 96-200), pertain to this class. 



Aramaic Bible Translations 



(Targums) 



Two books of the Hebrew Bible have survived in Aramaic translation in 
the Qumran caves. A small scroll, found in Cave 11 and measuring 
109 cm, has preserved in Aramaic a large portion of the last seven 
chapters of the Book of Job. Twenty-seven smaller fragments cover 
parts of Job xvii, 14 to xxxvi, 33. This text, together with small remains 
from Cave 4 of Leviticus (4Q156=xW, 12-21, see below) and of 
another manuscript of Job (4Q157=iii, 5-9; iv, 16-v, 4), represent the 
oldest extant Aramaic renderings of the Hebrew Bible. The translation 
of Job frequently differs from the customary text of the Hebrew Bible, 
but it is unclear whether the divergences are due merely to the difficulty 
of translating poetry, or to a Hebrew original not Identical with the 
traditional Scripture. 

Hebrew Jobxl, 12 

Look on every one that is proud and bring him low; and tread 
down the wicked where they stand. 
11 QarJob 

And every proud spirit you will smash; and extinguish the 
wicked below them. 

It is clear, on the other hand, that the prose narrative of xlii, 9-11 
displays notable departures from the text known to us, as may be seen 
from the following parallel translations: 

Hebrew Job xlii 

(9) So Eliphazthe Temanlte and Bildad the Shuhite and Zophar 
the Naamathite went and did what the Lord had told them; and 



the Lord accepted Job's prayer. (1 0) And the Lord restored the 
11 QarJob 

(9)... God. God heard the voice of Job and forgave them (his 
friends') their sins because of him. (10) And God returned 
fortunes of Job, when he had prayed for his friends; and the 
Lord gave Job twice as much as he had before. (11) Then 
came to him all his brothers and sisters and all who had l<nown 
him before, and ate bread with him in his house; and they 
showed him sympathy and comforted him for all the evil that the 
Lond had brought upon him; and each of them gave him a piece 
of money (or: sheep) and a ring of gold, to Job with mercy and 
doubled all that he had owned. (11) All his friends, brothers and 
acquaintances came to Job and they ate bread with him in his 
house, and they comforted him for all ttie misery that God had 
brought on him and each gave him a ewe-lamb and a ring of 
gold. 

The English version provided below (Job xxxvii, 11 to xlii, 11) should 
therefore be read side by side with the translation of the canonical Job. 
It will be noticed that Job xxxlx, 24 is missing from the Aramaic and xlii, 
3 is replaced by xl, 5. Furthermore, in Job xxxviii, 7 the phrase 'angels' 
is substituted for 'sons of God', a doctrinally suspect expression since 
Jews rejected the idea of God having children. The same substitution 
is found in the Greek Septuagint and the Targum of Job used in 
rabbinic Judaism. Similarly the Targum to Lev. xvi, 14 and xvi, 20 
(4Q156) specifies, as do the later Targums, that 'the Holy designates 
'the House of Holiness' or 'Sanctuary'. In short, the Qumran Targums 
prefigure to some extent the style of the later Targums without 
attesting, however, the exegetical expansions which characterize the 
Palestinian Targums to the Pentateuch. 

For the editio princeps of 11Q10, see J. P. M. van der Ploeg et a/., 
Le Targum de Job de la gmtte XI de Qumran (Leiden, 1 971 ); for a 
new edition, see F. Garcia Martinez, E. J. C. Tigchelaar and A. S. van 
der Woude, DJD, XXIII, 79-180. For the Targums of Leviticus and Job 
(4Q1 56, 1 57), see J. T. Milik, DJD, VI, 85-91 . 



The Targum of Job 



(11Q10,4Q157) 



XXVIII (Jobxxxvii, 24-30) 

(24) [Re]member that His works which they see are great. 

(25) Every man lool<s at Him, 

and the sons of men from afar search for Him. 

(26) Behold, God is great, 

and His days are numerous beyond [knowledge 
and the sum of His years is infinite. 

(27) Behold, [He counts] the [rain] clouds 
and He establishes the downpours. 

(28) And His clouds let down dr[ops of water 
on] a multitude of people. 

(29) If He who spreads [the] cl[ouds] of His thunder 
and spreads [His] light [... and co]vers. 

For by them He judges peoples... 

yoax. (Jobxxxvii) 

(1 1 ) With it (water) He wipes the cloud[s], 
and brings fire out of the cloud. 

(1 2) He speaks and they listen to Him 
and proceed with their works. 

He appoints them over all 
that He has created on earth: 

(1 3) either for striking or for (benefiting) the 
earth; 

either for famine or shortage; 
or for something good to be on it. 

(14) Listen to this, Job, and arise! 



Observe the might of God. 

(1 5) [Do you] know what God has put on them 

and how He has made light to shine from the cloud? 

(16) [Do you k]now how to robe the cloud with 
mi[ght]? 

(1 7) Because your robe ... 

For He possesses knowledge... 

(18) [Do you know how to] beat the cloud 
[to] compress [it into a mir]ror? 

(19) He knows... 

XXX (Job xxxviii) 

(3) Please gird [your] lo[ins] like a man, 

[and I will que]stion you and you will answer me. 

(4) Where were you when I made the earth? 
Explain it to me if you possess wisdom. 

(5) Do you know who fixed its measures? 
Who stretched a line over it? 

(6) Or to what were its foundations joined 
or who set its cut stone 

(7) when the morning stars were shining together 
and all the angels of God exclaimed together? 

(8) Can you shut in the sea with gates 

when it bursts forward from the womb of the abyss, 

(9) when the clouds were made into its robe 
and the haze its swaddling-clothes. 

(10) Can you set boundaries to it ... ? 

(11) Did you say. Up to here! 

And you must not go beyond... [your wa]ves. 

(1 2) In your days did you order [the morning] 

(13) ... the win[gs] of the ear[th] ... 

XXXI (23)... 

for the day of battle and revolt. 

(24) ... from where will (the wind) go out 
and will it blow before Him on the earth? 

(25) Who fixed a time for the rain 



and a path for the quick clouds 

(26) to bring it (the rain) down to a land of wilderness 
with no man on it, 

(27) to satiate the low-lying and isolated (places) 
to produce sprouting grass. 

(28) Has the rain a father 

and who begets the mist of dew? 

(29) And from whose womb did ice come out 

(30) The waters contracted like a st[one] because of 
Him, 

and the face of the ab[yss?] ... 

(31) ... Pleiades or the fence of Orion ... 
XXXII fJobxxx/xJ 

(1 ) the mountain goats, and the birth p[angs] ... 

(2) ... their months are completed, 
and do you know when they give birth, 

(3) delivering their young and ejecting them, 
and do you send away their birth pangs? 

(4) They raise their young and make them go; 
they depart and do not come back to them. 

(5) Who has set the wild ass free 

and who has loosed the onager's rope, 

(6) to whom I gave the desert for his home 
and made the salty land his dwelling. 

(7) He laughs at the great commotion of the city 
and his master's urging he does not hear. 

(8) He chooses for himself mountains for [pasture] 
and he goes after everything green. 

(9) Does the wild ox wish to serve you 
or will he lodge in your stable? 

(1 0) Will you tie [the wild ox] with a yoke 
and will he plough(?) in the valley [afl]er you? 
And will you... 

Will you depend on hi[m because] great is 
[his strength]? 



XXXIII 

(20) Will you frighten him (the horse) with a strong... 
his... is fear and dread. 

(21 ) He searches out the valley, he trembles and 
rejoices, 

and mightily advances towards the sword. 

(22) He laughs at fear and does not shudder, 
and does not turn back from the sword. 

(23) Upon him hangs a lance, 
a javelin and a sharp sword, 

(25) and at the sound of the trumpet, he says. Aha, 
and from afar he smells the battle, 

and he enjoys the rattle of the weapons and the war 
cries. 

(26) Does the hawk get excited because of your wisdom 
and spread his wings towards the winds? 

(27) Or does [the eagle] rise at your order 
and the bird of prey build [its] nest on high? 

(28) It dwells on the rock and nests... 
XXXIV fJobx/J... 

(6) [From...] and from the cloud 
God answered Job and said to him: 

(7) Like a man, please gird your loins; 

I will question you, and you will answer me. 

(8) Would you indeed tear up the judgement 
and declare me guilty so that you may be 
innocent? 

(9) Or do you have an arm like God 
or thunder with a voice like his? 

(1 0) Throw away, please, pride and haughtiness 
and you will put on splendour, glory and honour. 

(11) Throw away, please, the heat of your wrath 
and observe every proud man and humble him. 

(12) And every proud spirit you will smash 
and you will extinguish the wicked [in] their 
[pljaces. 



(1 3) And hide them all In the dust 
[and] cover [with a]shes ... 
XXXV 

(23) ... the Jordan Its banks, 

he (the hippopotamus) trusts that he will get It. 

(24) When he lifts his eyes, who will restrain him, 
... his nose with a hook. 

(25) Will you pull a crocodile with a hook 
or tie up Its tongue with a rope? 

(26) Will you put a muzzle on his nose 

and will you pierce his cheek with your chisel? 

(27) Will he speak gently with you 
or will he speak with you pleadingly? 

(28) Will he make a covenant with you 

or will you handle him as a slave for ever? 

(29) Will you play with him like a b[lrd, 
and] will you bind him with a string for your 
daughters? 

XXXVI (Jobxii) 

(8) They cling to one another 

and no breath passes between them. 

(9) One holds to another, 
and they do not separate. 

(10) His sneezing lights fire between his 
eyes 

like the shine of dawn (?). 

(11) Torches come forth out of his mouth; 
they leap like tongues of fire. 

(12) From his nostrils smoke goes forth 
like burning thorn and Incense. 

(1 3) His breath spews out coals 
and sparks come out of his mouth. 

(14) His strength dwells In his neck 
and vigour springs before him. 

(1 5) The folds of his flesh are clinging, 
mould[ed over him] like Iron. 



(16) [His] heart... like stone 

XXXVII (Jobxii-xlii) 
(26)... 

and lie is king over all the reptiles. 

(1 ) Job answered and said before God: 

(2) I know that Thou canst do all things 
and dost not lack in strength and wisdom, 
(xl, 5) I have spoken once and will not 
revoke it, 

a second time, and I will not add to it. 

(xlii, 4) Listen, please, and I will speak; 

I will question you and you must answer me. 

(5) I had heard of you by the hearing of the 

ear 

and now my eyes see you. 

(6) Therefore I am melting and dissolve 
and become dust and ashes... 

XXXVIII (9) ... God. God heard the voice of Job and forgave them their 
sins because of him. (10) And God returned to Job with mercy and 
doubled all that he had owned. (11) All his friends, brothers and 
acquaintances came to Job and they ate bread with him in his house, 
and they comforted him for all the misery that God had brought on him 
and each gave him a ewe-lamb and a ring of gold. 



The Targum of Leviticus 



(4Q156) 

Fr.1 

And he (Aaron) shall take some [of the blood of the bull and sprinkle it 
with his finger o]n the mercy seat. And before the mercy seat - to the 
east - [he shall sprinkle fr]om the blood with his finger [seven times] 
(Lev. xvi, 14).... 

Fr.2 

... Whe[n he has made an end of atoning] for the House of Holiness 
[and for] the tent of meeting and [for ttie altar, he shall offer] a live goat 
(Lev. xvi, 20).... 



Appendix 



(A) GREEK BIBLE TRANSLATIONS (4Q1 19-22; 
7Q1-2) 

Compared to the quantity of Hebrew arxJ Aramaic manuscripts, tlie 
Greel< documents found in two of the Qumran caves, Caves 4 and 7, 
are remarl<ably fow, and this scarcity is significant in itself as regards 
the cultural identity of the Qumran Community. Those which have been 
Identified with certainty belong to the Greel< translation of the Bible, 
mostly the Pentateuch. Cave 4 has yielded remains of two scrolls of 
Leviticus, one of leather (4Q1 1 9) and one of papyrus (4Q1 20), as well 
as one of Numbers (4Q121) and of Deuteronomy (4Q122), all dating 
to the second or the first century BCE. On the wtxjie, they represent the 
traditional text of the Septuagint with minor variations such as a word 
being replaced by Its synonym (harvesting by threshing, for example, 
or nation by people), but 4QLXX Numbers (4Q121) testifies to an 
effort to bring the LXX closer to the Hebrew Pentateuch. Since the 
translation scarcely differs from the original, there is no purpose In 
reproducing It. However, It Is worth rwting that In Lev. iv, 27 (4Q120, fr 
20, 4) the Tetragram (the divine name YHWH) is rendered semi- 
phonetically as lao, and is not replaced, as was customary later, by the 
Greek Kurios (Lord). 

Among the nineteen minute fragments found in Cave 7 - which 
contained only Greel< texts - two have been identified as relics of 
Exodus xxviii, 4-7 (7Q1) and the Letter of Jeremiah, verses 43-4 
(7Q2). The former is said to be closer to the traditional Hebrew text 
than to the LXX. Both are dated to about 100 BCE. 



(B) OTHER GREEK FRAGMENTS (4Q126-7; 7Q3- 



19) 



The remaining two Greel< texts in Cave 4 date roughly to the turn of the 
era. One (4Q126) cannot be identified and the other (4Q127) is either 
a paraphrase of Exodus, mentioning among others Pharaoh, Moses 
and Egypt, or possibiy an apocryphai account of Israel in Egypt. 

Seventeen out of the nineteen minute Greek papyrus fragments from 
Cave 7 have been declared by the editors to be unidentifiable. Yet 
against all verisimilitude, several of them have generated sensational 
and even revolutionary claims, especially that they represented the 
earliest textual examples of the Greek New Testament. 

The contention originated with a Spanish Jesuit, Jose O'Callaghan, 
who in 1972 persuaded himself that these hardly legible scraps 
derived from six books of the New Testament: the Gospel of IVIark iv, 
28 (7Q6 1), vi, 48 {7Q15), vi, 52-3 (7Q5), xii, 17 (7Q7); the Acts of the 
Apostles xxviii, 38 (7Q6 2); 1 Timothy ill, 16, iv, 1, 3 (704); James i, 
23-4 (708) and even one of the latest New Testament writings, 2 Peter 
1,15 (701 0). Of these, the case for IVIark vi, 52-3 is purported to be the 
'strongest'. The real facts are the following. We are dealing with a 
fragment on which the written area measures 3.3 x 2.3 cm. Letters 
appear on four lines; these are of unknown length since both the 
beginning and the end of each line are missing. An unrecognizable 
trace of another letter is observed at the top of the fragment. In the 
editio princeps seventeen letters are identified of which only nine are 
certain. A single complete word has survived: the Greek kai = and! 

The leading experts in the field, the late C. H. Roberts of Oxford and 
the German Kurt Aland, unhesitatingly discarded O'Callaghan's theory. 
Roberts jokingly told me that if he wanted to waste his time, he was 
sure he would be able to 'demonstrate' that 705 belonged to any 
ancient Greek text, biblical or non-biblical. Yet this unlikely and clearly 
unprovable hypothesis was revived in the 1980s by C. P. Thiede and 
others, only to encounter the same fate of summary dismissal as 
Father O'Callaghan's a decade or so earlier. 

For the editio princeps of the 40 and 70 material, see P. W. 
Skehan and E. Ulrich, DJD, IX (Oxford, 1992), 161-97, 219-42; M. 



Bailletef a/., DJD,\\\ (Oxford, 1962), 142-6. For the theory that 7Q 
oorrtains New Testament texts, see J. O'Callaghan, Los papipros 
griegos de la cueva 7 deQumran (Madrid, 1974), and C. P. Thiede, 
The Earliest Gospel Manuscripts (London, ^992y, Re-Kindling the 
Word (Valley Forge, Pa, 1996). For views for and against expressed 
at a symposium, see B. Mayer, ed.. Christen und ChrisHiches 
inQumran? (Regensburg, 1992). Against the theory, see C. H. 
Roberts, 'On Some Presumed Papyrus Fragments of the New 
Testament from Qumran', Journal of Theological Studies 23 (1972), 
446-7; K.Aland, 'Neue neutestamentllsche Papyri III', NewTestament 
Study 20 (1973-4), 357-81. For the latest authoritative views, see G. 
Stanton, Gospe/ Truth? (London, 1995); E. Puech, 'Des fragments 
grecs de la grotte 7 et le Nouveau Testament?', RB 102 (1995), 570- 
84; M.-E. Bolsmard (the first decipherer of the fragment), 'Apropos de 
705 et Mc. 6, 52-53', Ibid., 102-4. 



The Reworked Pentateuch (4Q158, 4Q364-7) 

Five badly preserved manuscripts have been classified as reworkings 
of the Pentateuch, i.e. copies of the Torah partly entailing 
rearrangements of biblical passages and partly incorporating 
interpretative supplements inserted into the text. The length of the 
supplement varies from a few words to seven or eight lines, the most 
significant example being the long, but broken, addition to the Song of 
Miriam in 4Q365 6a 11, c. Judging from the surviving passages, the 
original Reworked Pentateuch must have been a very sutistanfial 
document, probably the longest of all the Qumran Scrolls. All the 
manuscripts may be dated on palaeographical grounds to the first 
century BCE. Only those texts which contain more or less intelligible 
supplements (printed in italics) are included. 

For the editio princeps of the Reworked Pentateuch, see J. M. 
Allegro, DJD, V, 1-6 (4Q158) and E. Tovand S. White, DJD, XIII, 187- 
351 (40364-7). 



4Q158, frs. 1-2 (Gen. xxxii, 24-32; Exod. iv, 27-28+Supplement) 

... And [J]ac[ob] w[as left a]lone there. And [a man] wrestl[ed with him. 
When the man did not prevail against Jacob, he touched his thigh; and 
Jacob's thigh was put out of joint] as he wrestled with him and he 
seized him. And he said to hi[m, What is your name? ... And he said to 
him, Jacob. And he said, Your name shall be Israel, for you have 
striven with God and with] men and have prevailed. And Jacob asked 
[and] sal[d, Tell me, pray, what Is your name. And he said. Why Is It 
that you ask my name, and he bless]ed him there. And he said to him, 
'May the Lo[rci] make you fruitful [and multiply] you. [May he grant you 
kn]owledge and understanding and may he save you from all violence 
and ... until this day and until everlasting generations. And he went on 
his way after he had blessed him there. And he ... [And] the sun [rose] 
upon him as he passed Penuel, limping because of his thigh.... on this 
day. And he said. You shall not e[at the sinew of the hip which is] upon 
the two hollows of the thigh until [this day. (Exod. iv) And the Lond said] 
to Aaron, Go to me[et Moses in the wilderness. So he went arKi met 
him at the mountain of God and kissed him. And Moses told Aaron all] 
the words of the Lord with which he had s[ent] him and all [the signs 
which he had charged him to do. And] the Lord [spoke] to me saying, 
When you bring out Uie (people of Israel] ... to go as slaves and 
behold these are jTour hundred and] thirty (years] ... 

4Q364, fr. 3 (Supplement+Gen. xxviii, 6) 

II you shall see him ... you shall see In peace ... your death. And upon 
[your] eyes ... [Why should I be bereft of] both of you? (Gen. xxvll, 45) 
And [Isaac] caiied [Rebecca his wife and told] her all [these] wor[ds] ... 
after Jacob her son ... And Esau saw that [Isaac had blessed Jacob 
and sent him away to] Pa[dan] Aram to take [a wife] from [there] ... 

4Q365, fr. 6b, 6a ii, 6c (Exod. xv, 16-21+SupplemenHxv, 22-6) 



Fr. 6b 



... till [Thy people, 0 Lord], p[ass by, till the people pass by whom thou 
hast purchased. 

Thou wilt bring them in, and plant them] on thine own mountain, the 
place, [0 Lord, which thou hast made] for thine abode, [the sanctuary 
which thy hands have established]. 
The Lord will reign for ever and ever. 

For when [the horses of Pharaoh with his chariots and his horsemen] 
went [into the sea, the Lo]rd [brought back] the waters of the sea upon 
them; but the people of Israel walked on dry ground in the midst of the 
sea. 

[And the water]s were a wall to them on their right and on their left (cf. 
Exod. xiv, 22, 29). [And Miriam the prophetess, sister of Aaron], took 
[a timbrel in her fiand; and al]l the women went out after her with 
[timbrels and dancing. And Miriam sang to them. 
Sing to the Lord, for he has triumphed gloriously; the horse and his 
rider he has thrown into the sea]. 



Fr. 6a ii, 6c 

...thou hast despised . . . 
For pride ... 

Thou art great, a saviour... 

The hope of the enemy has perished 

and ... has stopped ... 

They have perished in the mighty mters, 

the enemy ... and lifts up to their height. 

[Thou hast given a ransom] . . . 

... [he \/\ho ac]ts proudly. 

And Moses led [lsrae]l onward from the sea, and they went to the 
wilderness of Sh[ur; they went three days and found no water]. They 
came to Marah, but [they] could [not] drink the water of Marah because 



[it was] bit[ter; therefore it was named Marah]. 
And the people murmured ag[ainst Moses] saying, What shaii we 
drini<? And Moses cried to [the Lord who showed him] a tree, and he 
threw it into [the wate]r, and the water became sweet. There he made 
for them a statute and [an ordinance and there he proved ttiem. And he 
said], if [you wiii lis]ten di[ii]gentiy [to the v]oice of ttie Lord your God 
and do that which is right in his eyes and [give heed to his 
commandments and judgements, and l<eep] aii his statutes, [i wiii put 
none] of the diseases [upon you] which i put on ttie Egyptians. For i am 
the Lord, your [heaie]r. 



Fr. 23 



(Levxxii, 42-xxiv, 2+Supplement) 

You shaii dwell [in bo]oths for seven days; aii that are native in israei 
shaii dweii in booths, tha[t your] gen[erations may l<no]w that i made 
your fathers dwell in booths when i brought them out of the land of 
Egypt; i am the Lord you[r] God. vacaf And IVIoses declared to the 
people of israei the appointed feasts of the Lord, vacaf And the Lord 
said to Moses, Command the children of Israei, say/ng, When you 
enter the land vJiich I am giving to you as an inheritance, and you 
dwell upon it securely, you shall bring mod for a burnt-offering and 
for all the sen/ice of [the Hpuse vJiich you shall build for me in the 
land, to lay it on the altar of bumt-offering, [and] the calves ... for 
Passover sacrifices and peace-offerings and thank-offerings and 
free-wll offerings and burnt-offerings daily ... and for the doors and for 
all the sen/ice of the House you shall offer ... the festival of Oil, the 
tMel[ve tribes] they shall offer wad ... Those who offer on the first day 
shall be Levi and ... [on the Uiird day, Reu]ben and Simeon, [and on] 
thefou[rth] day... 



A Paraphrase of Genesis and Exodus (4Q422) 



Nine fragments of a manuscript written in Hasmonaean cliaracters 
(first lialf of tlie first century BCE) contain a paraphrase of Gen. i-iv, vi- 
ix, judging from disconnected expressions relating to tlie creation of 
tine worid by God's word, to various living creatures, the establishment 
of man as ruler over the rest of beings, the prohibition against eating 
from the tree of knowledge and the rebellion against God which led to 
the fiood. Fr. 1 0 refers to the throwing of Israelite boys into the Nile, the 
commissioning of Moses, his vision of the burning bush, Moses' and 
Aaron's encounter with Pharaoh and the plagues which afflicted Egypt. 
The text can be arranged in three columns. Further unidentified 
fragments, which are not included here, are numbered from A to T. If 
the word ywsr 'm col. 1, line 12 actually means 'inclination', the phrase 
'evil Inclination' could be the eariiest attestation of the rabbinic 
concept. 

For the editio princeps, see T. Elgvin and E. Tov, DJD, XIII, 41 7-41 . 

I [The heavens and the earth and all] their host He made by [His] 

word. [And God rested on the seventh day from all the work whi]ch He 
had made. And [His] holy spirit ... [all th]e living and creeping 
[creatu]res ... [He put man on the ear]th to rule over it and to eat the 
frui[ts of the ground] ... w[ith]out eating from the tree of kn[owledge of 
good and evil] ... He rose against Him and they forgot ... with an evil 
inclination and for deed[s of] ... peace/payment ... 

II ... [save Noah] and [his] wife and the w[ives of his sons from] the 
waters of the Flood ... God [cl]osed behind them ... the windows of 
heave[n] op[en]ed under all the heav[en ... for] the waters to rise on the 
ear[th forty] days and for[ty] nights was [rain] ov[er] the earth ... and in 
order to krraw the glory of the Most Hi[gh] ... to reach to Him, He 
enlightened the heaven ... sign for generatio[ns] of eternity ... [and 
never more] will a flood [destroy the earth] ... the periods of day and 
night ... to shine [o]n heaven and earth ... Ill ... their [sjons into the rive[r] 



... [And] He sent to them Moses ... in the vision ... in the signs and 
marvels ... And He sent them to Pharaoh ... plagues ... marvels for 
Egypt ... and they carried His word to Pharaoh to send away [their 
people]. But He hardened [his] (Pharaoh's) heart [to] sin so that the 
m[en of lsra]el might l<now for eternal gene[rations]. And He changed 
their [wate]rs to blood. Frogs were in all their land and lice in all their 
territories, gnats in their tK>uses and they struck all their ... And He 
smote with pestile[nce all] ttieir flocl< and their beasts He delivered to 
de[at]h. He pu[t dark]ness into their land and obscurity into their 
[hou]ses so that they could not see one arwther. [And He smote] their 
land with hail and [their] soil [with] frost to cause [al]l tfie fhjit of 
nourishment [to perish]. And He brought locust to cover ttie face of the 
ea[rth], heavy locust in all their territory to eat everything green in [their] 
la[nd] ... And God hardened Ph[araoh's] tieart so that he should not 
[dis]miss [them] ... and in order to increase wonders. [And He smote 
their first-born], the beginning of al[1 their strength] ... 



The Genesis Apocryphon (IQapGen, IQ20) 

Found in Cave 1, and partly published by N. Avigad and Y Yadin (A 
Genesis /Apoc/yp/7on,Jerusalem, 1956), IQapGen is an incomplete 
manuscript with twenty-two surviving columns of Aramaic text (cf. also 
IQ20). Remains of a further column, 'The Genesis Apocryphon Col. 
Xir, have since been edited by J. C. Greenfield and E. Qimron 
(Studies in Qumran Aramaic, Abr-Nabrain, Suppl. 3 (1992), 70-77). A 
preliminary transcription and translation of the rest of the unpublished 
material, deciphered with the help of advanced infra-red technology 
has been issued by M. IVIorgenstern, E. Qimron and D. Sinan in 'The 
Hitherto Unpublished Columns of the Genesis Apocryphon', Abr- 
Nabrain 33 (1995), 3—52. 

The beginning of the manuscript is missing. But since the sheet 
starting with col. v is numbered by the Hebrew letter pe, col. x by sade, 
and col. XVII by qoph, i.e. the seventeenth, eighteenth and nineteenth 
letters of the Hebrew alphabet, it would seem that ttie surviving section 



was preceded by sixteen sheets of wtiicli only tlie end of tlie last one 
has been preserved (cf. M. Morgenstem, 'A New Clue to the Original 
Length of the Genesis Apocryphon', JJS 47/2 (1996), 345—7). If so, 
the story of Noah which begins the existing portion of the scroll must 
have been preceded by an extensive account of the creation, Adam 
and Eve, and the Genesis story up to Enoch and Noah. Columns II — 
narrate the miraculous birth of Noah (on Noah see also the minute 
fragments from 1Q19 and 19bis), whose father, Lamech, suspects that 
his wife has conceived by one of the fallen angels. Her denials fail to 
convince him and he asks his father, Methuselah, to travel to Paradise 
and obtain reassurance from his own father, Enoch. Columns VI — XV 
contain Noah's first-person account of the Flood and of his journeys. 
Col. X describes Noah's sacrifice after the Flood. Col. XI deals with the 
covenant between God and Noah with a mention of a ban on eating 
blood. Col. XII recounts the planting of a vineyard by Noah and his 
tasting of wine. The badly damaged cols. XIII— XV contain a vision 
concerning trees and its interpretation. Two further coiumns (XVI — 
XVII) deai with the division of the earth among the sons of Noah. Col. 
XVIII is completely lost. Cols. XIX — XXII, corresponding to Gen. xii — xv, 
deal with Abraham's journey to Egypt, his return to Canaan, the war 
against the invading Mesopotamian l<ings, and the renewal to him of a 
divine promise of a son. This iiveiy and delightful narrative, largely 
devoid of sectarian bias, throws valuable light on inter-Testamental 
Bible interpretation. It is a mixture of Targum, Midrash, rewritten Bible 
and autobiography Most scholars assign the manuscript to the late 
first century BCE or the first half of the first century CE. The 
composition itself is generaiiy thought to originate from the second 
century BCE. Its relationship to the mid-second-century Book of 
Jubilees is generaiiy accepted, but views differ on whether it depends 
on Jubilees or vice versa. I slightly prefer the theory that in its pre- 
Qumran version the Genesis Apocryphon precedes Jubilees, which 
would postulate for the former a date at least as early as the first half of 
the second century BCE. 

... II Behold, I thought then within my heart that conception was (due) to 
the Watchers and the Holy Ones... and to the Giants... and my heart 



was troubled within me because of this child. Then I, Lamech, 
approached Bathenosh [my] wife in haste and said to her, by the 
Most High, tlie Great Lord, the King of all tlie worlds and Ruler of the 
Sons of Heaven, until you tell me all things truthfully, if... Tell me [this 
truthfully] and not falsely... by the King of all the worlds until you tell me 
truthfully and not falsely.' 

Then Bathenosh my wife spol<e to me with much heat [and] ... said, 
'O my brother, O my lord, remember my pleasure... the lying together 
and my soul within its body. [And I tell you] all things truthfully.' 

My heart was then greatly troubled within me, and when Bathenosh 
my wife saw that my countenance had changed... Then she mastered 
her anger and spoi<e to me saying, 'O my lord, O my [brother, 
remember] my pleasure! I swear to you by the Holy Great One, the 
King of [the heavens] ... that this seed is yours and that [this] 
conception is from you. This fruit was pianted by you... and by no 
stranger or Watcher or Son of Heaven... [Why] is your countenance 
thus changed and dismayed, arxl why is your spirit thus distressed... i 
speai< to you truthfully' 

Then I, Lamech, ran to IVIethuselah my father, and [I told] him all 
these things. [And I asl<ed him to go to Enoch] his father for he would 
surely learn all things from him. For he was beloved, and he shared the 
lot [of the angels], who taught him all things. And when IVIethuselah 
heard [my words... he went to] Enoch his fattier to leam all things 
truthfully from him ... his will. 

He went at once to Parwain and he found him there... [and] he said 
to Enoch his father, 'O my father, O my lord, to whom i... And I say to 
you, lest you be angry with me because I come here... 

VI [I abstained] from injustice and in the womb of her who conceived 
me I searched for truth. And when I emerged from my mother's womb, I 
was planted for truth and I iived aii my days in truth and wali<ed in the 
paths of eternal truth. And the Holy One (was) with me ... on my 
pathways truth sped to warn me off the ... of lie which led to dari<ness ... 
and I girded my loins with the vision of truth and wisdom... paths of 
vioience. vacat Then I, Noah, became a man and ciung to truth and 
seized... and I tool<Amzara, his daughter as my wife. She conceived 
and bore me three sons [and daugtrtersj. Then i tooi< wives for my sons 



from among my brother's daughters, and I gave my daughters to my 
brother's sons according to the law of the etemal precept which the 
l\/lost High [ordained] to the sons of man. vacat And in my days, when 
according to my reckoning... ten jubilees had been completed, the 
(moment) came for my sons to take wives for themselves... heaven, I 
saw In a vision and was explained and made known the action of the 
sons of heaven and... the heavens. Then I hid this mystery In my heart 
and explained it to no man. vacat ... to me and a great and... and in a 
message of the Holy One... and he spoke to me In a vision and he 
stood before me ... 

... and the message of the great Holy One called out to me: 'To you 
they say, O Noah, ...' and I reckoned the whole conduct of the sons of 
the earth. I knew and explained aii... two weeks. Then the biood which 
the Giants had spilled.... I was at ease and waited until... thie holy ones 
with the daughters of man... [Then] i, Noah, found grace, greatness and 

truth tiii the gates of heaven... to men and cattle, and wild beasts 

and birds... 

VII ... on them; the earth and aii that is on it, in the seas and on the 
mountains ... aii the constellations of heaven, the sun, the moon and the 

stars and the Watchers... 

... I shaii reward you... vacaf the great Holy One. And i rejoiced in the 
words of the Lord of heaven and i shouted... it ... you all to your 
iVIaster... the King of aii the world for ever and ever until aii eternity 
vacat ... [until] the ark rested on one of the mountains of Ararat 
(HWRRT). And eternal fire... And i atoned for the whole earth, aii of it. 
And the beginning of... and i burned the fat on the fire. Secondly ... i 
poured out their biood on the base of the altar and I burned all their 
flesh on the altar. And thirdly the turtledoves... on the altar as an 
offering.... i put on it fine fiour mixed with oil and with incense as a meal 
offering.... i put salt on aii of them. And the smell of my offering rose up 
to heaven, vacat ... 

XI ... the mountains and the deserts four... vacaf [Then] i, Noah, 

went out and walked on the earth, through its length and breadth... 
delight on her in their leaves and in their fruit. And aii the land was filled 
with grass and herbs and grain. Then i blessed the Lord of heaven who 
made splendid things. He Is for ever and praise is his. And I repeated 



the blessing on account of his grace for the earth and on account of his 
removing and causing to perish from it all those wtio do violence and 
wicl<edness and lies and on account of his rescuing the righteous man 
... vacat [God] was revealed to me and [the Lord] of heaven spoke to 
me and said to me: 'Do not fear, Noah. I shall be with you and with your 
sons who will be like you for ever... of the earth and rule over them... 
and over its deserts and its mountains and all that are on them. And 
behold, I give all of it to you and to your sons to eat the green things 
and the grass of ttie earth. But you shall not eat any blood. Your fear 
and awe... forever.'... 

XII ... in the mountains of Ararat (HWRRT). And afterwards I 
descended... I and my sons and the sons [of my sons] ... for the 
destruction was great on the earth... after the Flood. To my first son 
[Shem] was born, to begin with, a son, Arpachshad, two years after the 
Flood. [And] all the sons of Shem, all of them, [were Elajm, and Ashur, 
Arpachshad, Lud and Aram, and five daughters. [And the sons of Ham: 
Kush and MIsraijn and Put and Canaan, and seven daughters. And the 
sons of Japhet: Gomer and Magog and Media and Yavan [and Tu]bal 
and Mashok and Tiras, and four daughters. [And] I began, I and all my 
sons, to fill the land and I planted a big vineyard on Mount Lubar and in 
the fourth year it produced wine for me ... [And] when the first festival 
c[ame], on the first day of the first festival in the ... month... I opened this 
jar (?) and I began to drink on the first day of the fifth year ... On this day 
I summoned my sons, my grandsons and all our wives and their 
daughters, and we assembled together and we went... and I blessed 
the Lord of heaven, the Most High God, the Great Holy One who saved 
us from perdition... 

XIII... they were cutting gold and silver and stones and clay and 
taking part of them for themselves. I saw the gold and the silver ... iron, 
and they cut down every tree and took some for themselves. I saw the 
sun and the moon and the stars cutting and taking some for 
themselves. ... I turned to see the olive tree and behold, the olive tree 
was rising upwards and for many hours... many leaves... appeared in 
them. I observed this olive tree and beheld the abundance of its 
leaves... they tied to it. And I was greatly amazed by this olive tree and 
its leaves. I was amazed... the four winds of heaven were blowing 



powerfully and they damaged this olive tree, breaking off its branches 
and smashing them. First [came] the westerly [wind] and struck it, and 
shook off its leaves and fruit, and scattered them in every direction. 
Then... 

XIV... listen and fiear! You are the great cedar... standing before you 

in a dream on the top of mountains truth. The willow that springs 

from it and rises towards tfie heigfrts (these are) three sons... And that 
which you did see, (namely that) tfie first willow caught the stump of the 
cedar... and the wood from it ... will not separate from you all ite days. 
And among Its posterity... will be called... will spring a rigtiteous plant... 
will stand for ever. And that which you did see, (namely that) the willow 
caught the stump [of the cedar] ... 

... the last willow... vacat... part of their branch entered (got entangled 
with?) the branch of the first (willow), two sons... And that which you did 
see, (namely that) part of their branch entered ttie brarxih of the first... I 
explained to him the mystery... 

XV ... And that you did see all of them ... they will go around, the 
majority of them will be wicked. And that which you did see, (namely 
that) a man came from the south of the land, with a sickle in his hand, 
and fire with him ... who will come from the south of the land ...And they 
will cast wickedness on the fire, all ... And he shall come between 

... Four angels ... between all the nations. And all of them will worship 
and be confounded ... I will explain to you all, in truth. And thus it is 
written concerning you. And I, Noah, awoke from my sleep and the sun 

XVI ... until the river Tina ... and all the land of the north, all of it, until it 
reaches ... And this boundary passes by the waters of the Great Sea 
as far as ... divided by lot to Japhet and his sons to inherit as an 
eternal inheritance, i/acaf The second lot came to Shem to inherit, he 
and his sons, as an eternal inheritance ... the waters of the river Tina ... 
as far as the river Tina ... to the great Sea of Salt. And this boundary 
goes as a spring from this bay ... to the east 

XVII ...And Shem, my son, divided (his inheritance) among his sons. 
And the first (lot) fell to Elam in the north, by the waters of the river 
Tigris as far as the Red Sea, whose source is in the north, and it turns 
to the west to Assyria as far as the Tigris ... And after it to Aram, the 



land between the two rivers, as far as the top of the mountain of Ashur 
... [To] ... fell this IWount of the Ox and the portion stretched and went 
westwards as far as IVIagog ... east in the north ... this bay which is at 
the head of three portions by this sea to Arpachshad to the boundary 
that turns towards the south, all the land watered by the Euphrates, and 
all ... all the valleys and plains that are between ttiem, and the Island 
that Is in the middle of the bay ... to the sons of Gomer ... and Amana 
as far as the Euphrates ... the portion that his father Noah divided and 
gave him. vacatJaphet divided (his Inheritance) between his sons. He 
gave the first (lot) to Gomer in the north as far as the river Tina, and 
afterwards to Magog, and aflen/vards to Media, and afterwards to 
Yavan (the Greeks), all the Islands that are by Lydla. And (the lot) which 
Is between the bay of Lydla and the second bay, (he gave) to Tubal ... 
In the land. And to Meshek the sea ... to Tlras ... which is by ttie portion 
of the sons of Ham ... vacat ... 
XVIII ... 

XIX ... And I said, 'Thou art until now you have not come to the 

Holy Mountain.' 

And I (Abram) departed ... and I travelled towards the south ... until I 
came to Hebron [at the time when Hebron] was being built; and I dwelt 
there [two years]. 

Now there was famine In all this land, and hearing that there was 
prosperity In Egypt I went ... to tine land of Egypt ... I [came to] tine river 
Karmon, one of tlie branches of the River (Nile) ... and I crossed the 
seven branches of the River ... We passed tlnrough our land and 
entered the land of the sons of Ham, the land of Egypt. 

And on the night of our entry Into Egypt, I, Abram, dreamt a dream; 
[and behold], I saw in my dream a cedar tree and a palm tree ... men 
came and tliey sought to cut down the cedar tree and to pull up Its 
roots, leaving the palm tree (standing) alone. But the paim tree cried 
out saying, 'Do not cut down this cedar tree, for cursed be he who shall 
fell [It].' And the cedar tree was spared because of the palm tree and 
[was] not felled. 

And during the night I woke from my dream, and I said to Saral my 
wife, 'I have dreamt a dream ... [and I am] fearful [because of] this 
dream.' Stie said to me, 'Tell me your dream that I may know it' So I 



began to tell her this dream ... [the interpretation] of the dream that 
they will seel< to kill me, but will spare you ... [Say to them] of me, "He is 
my brother", and because of you I shall live, and because of you my life 
shall be saved ... ' 

And Sarai wept that night on account of my words ... 

Then we journeyed towards Zoan, I and Sarai ... by her life that none 
should see her ... 

And whien those five years had passed, three men from among the 
princes of Egypt [came at the command] of Pharaoh of Zoan to inquire 
after [my] business and after my wife and they gave ... goodness, 
wisdom, and truth. And I exclaimed before them ... because of the 
famine ... And they came to ascertain ... with much food and drink ... 
the wine ... 

(During the party, the Egyptians must have seen Sarai, and on their 
return they praised her to the king.) 
XX and beautiful is her face! How ... fine are the hairs of her 

head! How lovely are her eyes! How desirable her nose and all the 
radiance of her countenance ... How fair are her breasts and how 
beautiful all her whiteness! How pleasing are her arms and how perfect 
her hands, and how [desirable] all the appearance of her hands! How 
fair are her palms and how long and slender are her fingers! How 
comely are her feet, how perfect her thighs! No virgin or bride led into 
the marriage chamber is more beautiful than she; she is fairer than all 
other women. Truly her beauty is greater than theirs. Yet together with 
all this grace she possesses abundant wisdom, so that whatever she 
does is perfect (?).' When the king heard the words of Harkenosh and 
his two companions, for all three spoke as with one voice, he desired 
her greatly and sent out at once to take her. And seeing her, he was 
amazed by all her beauty and took her to be his wife, but me he sought 
to kill. Sarai said to the king, 'He Is my brother,' that 1 might benefit 
from her, and I, Abram, was spared because of her and I was not slain. 

And I, Abram, wept aloud that night, I and my nephew Lot, because 
Sarai had been taken from me by force. I prayed that night and I 
begged and implored, and I said in my sorrow while my tears ran 
down: 'Blessed art Thou, O Most High God, Lord of all the worlds. 
Thou who art Lord and king of all things and who rulest over all the 



kings of the earth and judgest them all! I cry now before Thee, my Lord, 
against Pharaoh of Zoan the l<ing of Egypt, because of my wife who 
has been tal<en from me by force. Judge him for me that I may see Thy 
mighty hand raised against him and against aii his tK>usehold, and that 
he may not be abie to defiie my wife this nigfit (separating her) from 
me, and that they may l<now Thee, my Lord, that Thou art Lord of all the 
i<ings of the earth.' And i wept and was sorrowful. 

And during that night the iVIost High God sent a spirit to scourge him, 
an evil spirit to all his household; and It scourged him and aii his 
household. And tie was unable to approach tier, and although he was 
with her for two years, he knew her not. 

At the end of those two years the scourges and afflictions grew 
greater and more grievous upon him and aii his housetiold, so tie sent 
for aii [the sages] of Egypt, for all the magicians, together with all the 
healers of Egypt, that they mlgtit heal him and aii his tiousetiold of this 
scourge. But not one healer or magician or sage could stay to cure 
him, for the spirit scourged them aii and they fled. 

Then Harkenosh came to me, beseeching me to go to the king and 
to pray for him and to lay my hands upon him that he might live, for the 
king had dreamt a dream ... But Lot said to him, 'Abram my uncle 
cannot pray for the king while Saral his wife is with him. Go, therefore, 
and tell the king to restore his wife to her husband; then he will pray for 
him and he shall live.' 

When Harkenosh had heard the words of Lot, he went to the king 
and said, 'All these scourges and afflictions with which my lord the king 
is scourged and afflicted are because of Sarai the wife of Abram. Let 
Sarai be restored to Abram her husband, and this scourge arxJ the 
spirit of festering shall vanish from you.' 

And he called me and said, 'What have you done to me with regard 
to [Sarai]? You said to me, She is my sister, whereas she is your wife; 
and 1 took her to be my wife. Behold your wife who is with me; depart 
and go hence from all the land of Egypt! And now pray for me and my 
house that this evil spirit may be expelled from it.' 

So I prayed [for him] ... and 1 laid my hands on his [head]; and the 
scourge departed from him and the evil [spirit] was expelled [from him], 
and he lived. And the king rose to tell me ... and the king swore an oath 



to me that ... and the king gave her much [silver and gold] and much 
raiment of fine linen and purple ...And Hagaralso ... and he appointed 
men to lead [me] out [of all the land of Egypt]. And I, Abram, departed 
with very great flocks and with silver and gold, and I went up from 
[Egypt] together with my nephew [Lot]. Lot had great flocks also, and 
he took a wife for himself from among [the daughters of Egypt. 

I pitched my camp] XXI [in] every place in which I had formerly 
camped until I came to Bettiel, the place wtiere I had built an altar. And 
I built a second altar and laid on it a sacrifice, and an offering to the 
Most High God. And there I called on the name of the Lord of worlds 
and praised the Name of God and blessed God, and I gave thanks 
before God for all the riches and favours which He had bestowed on 
me. For He had dealt kindly towards me and had led me back in 
peace into this land. After that day Lot departed from me on account 
of the deeds of our shepherds. He went away and settled in the valley 
of ttie Jordan, together with all his flocks; and I myself added more to 
them. He kept his sheep and journeyed as far as Sodom, and he 
bought a house for himself in Sodom and dwelt in it But I dwelt on the 
mountain of Bethel and it grieved me that my nephew Lot had 
departed from me. And God appeared to me in a vision at night and 
said to me, 'Go to Ramath Hazor which is north of Bethel, the place 
where you dwell, and lift up your eyes and look to the east and to the 
west and to the south and to the north; and behold all this land which I 
give to you and your seed for ever.' 

The next morning, I went up to Ramath Hazor and from that high 
place I beheld the land from the River of Egypt to Lebanon and Senir, 
and from the Great Sea to Hauran, and all the land of Gebal as far as 
Kadesh, and all the Great Desert to the east of Hauran and Senir as 
far as the Euphrates. And He said to me, 'I will give all this land to your 
seed and they shall possess it for ever And I will multiply your seed 
like the dust of the earth which no man can number; neither shall any 
man number your seed. Rise and go! Behold the length and breadth of 
the land, for it is yours; and after you, I will give it to your seed for ever.' 

And I, Abram, departed to travel about and see the land. I began my 
journey at the river Glhon and travelled along the coast of the Sea until I 
came to the IVlountain of the Bull (Taurus). Then I travelled from the 



coast of the Great Salt Sea and journeyed towards the east by the 
Mountain of the Bull, across the breadth of thie land, until I came to the 
river Euphrates. I journeyed along the Euphrates until I came to the Red 
Sea (Persian Gulf) in the east, and I travelled along the coast of the 
Red Sea until I came to the tongue of the Sea of Reeds (the modern 
Red Sea) which flows out from the Red Sea. Then I pursued my way In 
the south until I came to the river Glhon, and returning, I came to my 
house In peace and found all things prosperous there. I went to dwell at 
the Oaks of Mamre, which is at Hebron, north-east of Hebron; and I 
built an altar there, and laid on it a sacrifice and an oblation to the Most 
High God. I ate and drank there, I and all the men of my household, and 
I sent for Mamre, Ornam and Eshkol, the three Amorlte brothers, my 
friends, and they ate and drank with me. 

Before these days, Kedorlaomer king of Elam had set out with 
Amrafel king of Babylon, Ariok king of Kaptok, and "Tidal king of the 
nations which He between the rivers; and they had waged war against 
Bera king of Sodom, Birsha king of Gomorrah, Shinab king ofAdmah, 
Shemlabad king of Zebolm, and against the king of Bela. All these had 
made ready for battle in the valley of Siddim, and the king of Elam and 
the other kings with him had prevailed over the king of Sodom and his 
companions and had imposed a tribute upon them. 

For twelve years they had paid their tribute to the king of Eiam, but in 
the thirteenth year they rebelled against him. And in the fourteenth year, 
the king of Elam placed himself at the head of aii his allies and went up 
by the Way of the Wilderness; and they smote and pillaged from the 
river Euphrates onward. They smote the Refaim who were at Ashteroth 
Karnalm, the Zumzamim who were at Ammon, the Emim [who were at] 
Shaveh ha-Keriyyoth, and the Horites who were In the mountains of 
Gebal, until they came to El Paran which is in the Wildemess. Arxl they 
returned ... at Hazazon Tamar. 

The king of Sodom went out to meet them, together with the king [of 
Gomorrah], the king ofAdmah, the king of Zebolm, and the king of 
Bela, [and they fought] a battle in the vaiiey [of Siddim] against 
Kedorlaomer [king of Elam and the kings] who were with him. But the 
king of Sodom was vanquished and fled, and the king of Gomorrah fell 
Into the pits ... [And] the king of Elam [carried off] all the riches of 



Sodom and [Gomorrah] ... and they took Lot the nephew XXII of Abram 
who dwelt with them in Sodom, together with ail his possessions. 

Now one of the shepherds of the flocks which Abram had given to 
Lot escaped from captivity and came to Abram; at that time Abram 
dwelt In Hebron. He told him that Lot his nephew had been taken, 
together with all his possessions, but that he had not been siain and 
that the kings had gone by ttie Way of the Great Valley (of the Jordan) 
in the direction of their land, taking captives and plundering and 
smiting and slaying, arKi that they were joumeying towards ttie land of 
Damascus. 

Abram wept because of Lot his nephew. Then he braced himself; he 
rose up and chose from among his servants three hundred and 
eighteen flghting men trained for war, and Ornam and Eshkol and 
Mamre went with him also. He pursued them until he came to Dan, and 
came on them while ttiey were camped in the valley of Dan. He feii on 
them at night from four sides and during the night he slew them; he 
crushed them and put them to flight, and aii of them fled before him until 
they came to Helbon which is north of Damascus. He rescued from 
them all their captives, and all their booty and possessions. He also 
delivered Lot his nephew, together with all his possessions, and he 
brought back all the captives which they had taken. 

When the king of Sodom learned that Abram had brought back all 
the captives and all the booty, he came out to meet him; and he went to 
Salem, which is Jerusalem. 

Abram camped in the valley of Shaveh, which is the valley of the 
king, the valley of Beth-ha-Kerem; and Melchizedek king of Salem 
brought out food and drink to Abram and to all the men who were with 
him. He was the Priest of the IVlost High God. And he blessed Abram 
and said, 'Blessed be Abram by the Most High God, Lord of heaven 
and earth! And blessed be the Most High God who has delivered your 
enemies into your hand!' And Abram gave him the tithe of all the 
possessions of the king of Elam and his companions. 

Then the king of Sodom approached and said to Abram, 'My lord 
Abram, give me the souls which are mine, which you have delivered 
from the king of Elam and taken captive, arxJ you may tiave all the 
possessions.' 



Then said Abram to the king of Sodom, 'I raise my hand this day to 
the IWost High God, Lord of heaven and earth! I will take nothing of 
yours, not even a shoe-lace or shoe-strap, lest you say, Abram's riches 
come from my possessions! I will take rxjthing but that which the young 
men with me have eaten already, and the portion of the three men who 
have come with me. They shall decide whether they will give you their 
portion.' ArKi Abram returned all the possessions and all the captives 
and gave them to the king of Sodom; he freed all the captives from this 
land who were with him, and sent them all back. 

After these things, God appeared to Abram in a vision and said to 
him, 'Behold, ten years have passed since you departed from Haran. 
For two years you dwelt here and you spent seven years in Egypt, and 
one year has passed since you returned from Egypt. And now examine 
and count all you have, and see how it has grown to be double that 
which came out with you from Haran. And now do not fear, I am with 
you; I am your help and your strength. I am a shield above you and a 
mighty safeguard round about you. Your wealth and possessions shall 
multiply greatly.' But Abram said, 'My Lord God, I have great wealth 
and possessions but what good shall they do to me? I shall die naked; 
childless shall I go hence. A child from my household shall inherit from 
me. Eliezerson 

... shall inherit from me.' And He said to him, 'He shall not be your 
heir, but one who shall spring [from your body shall inherit from you].' 



Genesis Commentaries (4Q252 — 254a) 

From this non-continuous paraphrase of Genesis, four sections are 
reproduced here, two of which are of sectarian inspiration. The 
composition of the first fragment attempts to adapt the chronology of 
the biblical Flood story to the solar calendar of the Qumran 
Community Along more general lines, it seeks also to explain certain 
peculiarities of the scriptural text, e.g., why despite Ham's disrespect 
to his father, it was not he, but his son Canaan, wfra was cursed by 
Noah. Ttie exegesis attested in this section is distinct from the pesber, 



and resembles partly the style of the 'rewritten Bible' such as the 
Genesis Apocryphon, and partly the 'plain', or peshat, interpretation of 
the rabbis. 

The subject of the second excerpt is the blessing of Judah, i.e. the 
tribe in which David originated. The sectarian commentator (see the 
mention of the 'men of the Community in line 5) emphasizes that the 
royal power will belong for ever to ttie descerxJants of David, thereby 
implying tfiat all rwn-Davidic rulers, such as ttie contemporary 
IHasmonaean priest-l<ings, unlawfully occupy the throne. If so, the 
composition best fits to the first half of the first century BCE. Only four 
tiny fragments of 4Q253 are extant. Fr. I mentions ttie arl<. Fr. 3, col. I 
contains a citation from IVIal. iii, 16 — 18. This is ttie only translatable 
excerpt. Fifteen mostly insignificant scraps of 4Q254 correspond partly 
to the Noah story and partly to the blessings of the Patriarchs. Only frs. 
I and 5 can be translated. Fr. I, lines 2 — 4 overlap with 4Q252 ii, 1 .6. 

For Vneeditio phnceps, see G. J. Brooke, DJD, XXII, 185—212, 
217—36. 

4Q252, fr. I (Gen. vi, 3— XV, 17) 

I [In the] four hundred and eightieth year of the life of Noah came their 
end (that of antediluvian mankind). And God said, IVIy spirit shall not 
abide in man for ever and their days shall be determined to be one 
hundred and twenty years (Gen. vi, 3) - until the end of the Flood. And 
the waters of the Flood arrived on the earth in the six hundredth year 
of the life of Noah, in the second month — on the first day of the week 
— on the seventeenth (of the month). On that day all the fountains of 
the great deep burst forth and the wndovvs of the heavens were 
opened. And rain fell on the earth forty days and forty nights (vi i , 1 1 — 
12) until the twenty-sixth day of the third month, the ffth day of the 
week. And the mters prevailed upon the [eajrth a hundred and fifty 
days (vii, 24) — until the fourteenth day of the seventh month, the third 
day of the week. And at the end of a hundred and fifty days, the mters 
had abated — two days, the fourth and the fifth day and on the sixth 
day - the ark came to rest on the mountains of Hurarat (or: Turarat), 



on the seventeenth day of the seventh month (viii, 3 — 4). And the 
waters [conjtinued to abate until the [tenjth month, the first day of (the 
month) - the fourth day of the week — and the tops of the mountains 
appeared (viii, 5). At the end of forty days — after the tops of the 
mountains had been seen — Noah [op]ened the vindowof the ark 
(vi i i , 6) - on the tenth day of the ele[venth] month. And he sent forth the 
dove to see if Vie veters had subsided (viii, 8), but she did not find a 
resting-place and returned to him to the ark (viii, 9). He mited 
an[other\ seven days and again sent her forth (viii, 10). She came 
back to him wth a plucked olive leaf in her beak {\A \ \, 10 — 11) — [this 
is the twenty-]fourth [day] of the eleventh month, the first day of the 
wee[k. And Noah knewthat the waters had subsided] from the earth 
(viii, II). At the end of another [seven days, he sent forth the dove and 
it did not] return again (viii, 12) — this is the f[irst] day [of the twelfth] 
month, [the fi rst day] of the weel<. At the end of three [weeks after Noah 
had sent forth the dov]e which did not return to him any more, the 
Ma[ters] dried up [from the earth and\ Noah removed the covering of 
the ark and looked, and behold, the face of the ground was dry (viii, 
13). This was the first day of the first month. [And it happened] II in the 
six hundred and first year of the life of Noah, on the seventeenth day 
of the second month that the earth was d/y (vi i i , 1 4) - on the fi rst day of 
the week. On that day A/oa/? vtent forth from the ark (viii, 18) at the end 
of a full year of three hundred and sixty-four days, on the first day of the 
week, on the seven[teenth] of the second month vacat on and six vacaf 
Noah from the ark at the appointed time of a full year vacat And Noah 
awDke from his wne and knew \AJhat his youngest son had done to 
him. And he said, Cursed be Canaan; a slave of slaves shall he be 
to [his] bro[thers] (ix, 24 — 5). But he did not curse Ham but only his 
son, for God had blessed the sons of Noah. And let him dwell In the 
tents ofShem (ix, 27). He gave the land to Abram, his beloved. [Terah] 
was one hundred and for[t]y-five years old when he went forth from Ur 
of the Chaldees and came to Haran (xi,31). Now Ab[ram was 
se]venty years old and for five years Abram dwelt in Haran. And 
afterwards Abram went forth to the land of Canaan. Six[ty-five years] ... 
the heifer and the ram and the go[af\ (xv, 9) ... [the torch of] ] fire vhen 
it pass^ed ovef\ (xv, 17) ... 



(Gen. xxxvi, 12) 



IV Timna v\as the concubine ofEliphaz son of Esau and she bore to 
h\m Amaiek (xxxvi, 12), whom Saul smo[te] as He said to Moses, In 
the last days you wll vipe out the memory of Amaiek from under the 
heaven (Deut. xxv, 19). 

Blessings of Jacob (Gen. xlix, 3) 

Reuben, you are my first-bom, the firstfruit of my strength, pre- 
eminent in pride and pre-eminent in povisr Unstable as water, you 
shall not have pre-eminence; you went up to your fathers bed; you 
have defiled his couch ... (xlix, 3) Its interpretation is that he rebuked 
him because he slept with Bilhah, his concubine, and he said, '[My] 
first-[bom] ... (ibid.) Reuben is the firstfruit 

(Gen. xlix, 10) 

V The sceptre [shall not] depart from the tribe ofJudah ... [xlix, 10]. 
Whenever Israel rules, there shall [not] fail to be a descendant of 
David upon the throne (Jen xxxiii, 17). For the ruler's staff (xlix, 10) is 
the Covenant of kingship, [and the clans] of Israel are the divisions,55 
until the Messiah of Righteousness comes, the Branch of David. For to 
him and his seed is granted the Covenant of kingship over his people 
for everlasting generations which he is to keep... the Law with the men 
of the Community, for... it is the assembly of the men of... 



Genesis Commentary C (4Q254) 



Fr. I (Gen. ix, 24—5) 



... which he says ... on the doors and ... [And Noah awoke from his 
wi ne] and knewvhat [his youngest son had done to him. And he said, 
Cursed be Canaan;] a slave of slaves [shall he be to his brothers] 
(Gen. ix, 24—5). 

Frs. 5—6 (Gen. xlix, 15—17) 

And he bowed [his shoulder to bear and tjecame] a slave [at forced 
labour] (Gen. xlxi, 15). Its interpretation... [Dan shall judge] his 
[peo]ple as on[e] of the tilibes of Israel.] Dan shall be a ser[pent in 
the my, a vip]erby the pa[th that bites] the horse's hee[ls] (Gen. xlix, 
15-17) ... 



Genesis Commentary D (4Q254a) 

Fr.3 

[On] the seventeenth of the month... Noah went out of the ark at the 
appointed time year by year ... [a ra]ven and it went out and returned to 
announce to the 1[ast] generations ... before him, for the ra[ven] went 
out and retur[ned] ... 



Commentaries on Isaiahi (4Q 11611 -5, 3Q4) 

Translatable fragments of four commentaries on Isaiah were 
discovered in Cave 4 (4Qplsaa— d = 4Q161— 4). A fifth (4Qplsa^ = 
4QI65) is too mutilated to be rendered into English. The first document 
alludes to the defeat of the Kittim and expounds tfie renowned 
messianic prophecy of tea. xi. It is related to 4Q285 (cf. p. 188). The 
second and tfie third deal with tfie Jewish opponents of the sect. The 



fourth, relying on Isa. liv, identifies the Community as the New 
Jerusalem. They may all be assigned to the first century BCE. A small 
fragment from Cave 3 (3Q4) represents a commentary on Isa. 1, 1, but 
with no continuous text. 

For the editio princeps, see J. M. Allegro arxJ A. A. Anderson, DJD, 
V, 11— 30. 

Frs.8-10 

... [and the tallest tre]es [shall be cut down and\ the lofty [shall be 
felled] wth the axe, and Lebanon through a poverful one shall fall (x, 
33-^). 

[Its interpretation concerns the Kit]tim who shall crush the house of 
Israel and the humble ... all the nations and the valiant shall be 
dismayed and [their] he[arts] shall melt. [And that which he said, The 
tallesf[ trees shall be cut down, these are the valiant of the Kit[tim] ... 
[And that which he sajid. The heart of the forest shall be felled wth the 
axe, th[ey] ... for the war of the Kittim. And Lebanon through a 
po[werful one shall fall (x, 34). Its interpretation concerns the] Kittim 
who will be given into the iiarxl of his great one ... when he flees from 
be[fore ls]rael ... vacat 

[And there shall come forth a rod from the stem ofJesseand a 
Branch shall grow out of its roots. And the spirit of the Lord shall rest 
upon him, the spirit of wisdom and understanding, the spirit of 
counsel and might, the spirit of kno\Medge and of thefearof the Lord. 
And his delight shall be in the fear of the Lord. He shall not judge by 
What his eyes see, or pass sentence by what his ears hear; he shall 
judge the poor righteously and shall pass sentence justly on the 
humble of the earth] (xi, 1 — 3). 

[Interpreted, this concerns the Branch] of David who shall arise at the 
end [of days] ... God will uphold him with [the spirit of might, and will 
give him] a throne of glory and a crown of [holiness] and many- 
coloured garments ... [He will put a sceptre] in his hand and he shall 
rule over all the [nations]. And Magog ... and his sword shall judge [all] 
the peoples. 



And as for that which he said, He shall not [judge by what tils eyes 
see] or pass sentence by vhat tils ears hear interpreted, this means 
that ... [the Priests] ... As they teach him, so wiii he judge; and as they 
order, [so will he pass sentence]. One of the Priests of renown shall go 
out, and garments of... shall be in his hands ... 

4Q162 

[For ten acres of vineyard shall produce only one bath, and a homer 
of seed shall yield but one ephah] (v, 1 0). 

Interpreted, this saying concerns the last days, the devastation of the 
land by sword and famine. At the time of the Visitation of the land there 
shall be Woe to those vho rise early in the morning to run after strong 
drink, to those vJho linger in the evening until wne inflames them. 
They have zither and harp and timbrel and flute and vine at their 
feasts, but they do not regard the work of the Lord or see the deeds of 
His hand. Therefore my people go into exile for want of knowledge, 
and their noblemen die of hunger and their multitude is parched with 
thirst Therefore Hell has widened its gullet and opened its mouth 
beyond measure, and the nobility of Jerusalem and her multitude go 
down, her tumult and he who rejoices in her (v, 11 — 14). 

These are the Scoffers in Jerusalem who have despised the Law/of 
the Lord and scorned the word of the Holy One of Israel. Therefore 
the wrath of the Lord ms kindled against His people. He stretched 
out His hand against them and smote them; the mountains trembled 
and their corpses were like sweepings in the middle of the streets. 
And [His wrath] has not relented for all these things [and His hand is 
stretched out still] (v, 24—5). 

This is the congregation of Scoffers in Jerusalem ... 

4Q163 

Thus said the Lord, the Holy One of Israel, 'You shall be saved by 
returning and resting; your strength shall be in silence and trust 'But 



you would not. You [said], 'No. We will flee upon horses and will ride 
on swft steeds.' Therefore your pursuers shall be speedy also. A 
thousand shall flee at the threat of one; at the threat of five you shall 
flee [till] you are left like a flagstaff on top of a mountain and like a 
signal on top of a hill. Therefore the Lord na/fs to be [gracious to] 
you; therefore He exalts Himself to have mercy on you. For the Lord 
is a God of Justice. How blessed are all those who wait for him! (xxx, 
15—18). 

This saying, referring to the iast days, concerns the congregation of 
those who seel< smooth things in Jerusaiem ... [who despise the] Law 
and do not [trust in God] ... As robbers iie in wait for a man ... they have 
despised [the words of| the Law ... 

O people ofZion [who live in Jerusalem, you shall weep no more. 
At the sound of] your crying [He wll be gracious to you; He wll 
answer you] vJien He [hears it Although the Lord gives you bread of 
oppression and water of distress, your Teacher] shall be hidden [no 
more and your eyes shall see your Teacher] ... (XXX, 19 — 20). 

4Q164 

Behold, I wll set your stones in antimony (iiv, iib). 

[interpreted, this saying concems] ... all Israel is iil<e antimony 
surrounding the eye. 

And I wll lay your foundations wth sapphires (iiv, iiC). 

interpreted, this concerns the Priests and the people who laid the 
foundations of the Council of ttie Community ... the congregation of His 
elect (shall sparkle) lil<e a sapphire among stones. 

[And I will make] all your pinnacles [of agate] (Iiv, 1 2a). 

Interpreted, this corxiems the twelve [chief Priests] who shall 
enlighten by judgement of the Urim and Tummim ... which are absent 
from them, lil<e the sun with all its light, and lil<e the moon ... 



[And all your gates of carbuncles] (liv, 12b). 
Interpreted, this concerns the chiefs of the tribes of Israel... 



Commentaries on Hosea (4Q166 — 7) 

Two fragmentary manuscripts (4Q166 — 7) include exegeses of 
Hosea. In the first, the unfaithful wife is the Jewish people led astray by 
her lovers, the Gentiles. The second refers cryptically to 'the furious 
young lion', mentioned also in the Commentary on Nahum, and to 'the 
last Priest who shall ... strike Ephraim'. 

For the editio princeps, see J. M. Allegro and A. A. Anderson, DJD, 
V, 31— 2. 

4Q166 

II [She knewnot thaf\ it was / vtho gave her [the newwne and oil], \Mio 
lavished [upon her silver] and gold vJiich they [used for Baal] (ii, 8). 

Interpreted, this means that [they ate and] were filled, but they forgot 
God who ... They cast His commandments behind them which He had 
sent [by the hand of] His servants the Prophets, and they listened to 
those who led them astray. They revered them, and in their blindness 
they feared them as though they were gods. 

Therefore I wll take back my com in its time and my vine [in its 
season]. I vill take amy my vool and my flax lest they cover [her 
nakedness]. I wll uncover her shame before the eyes of [her] lovers 
[and] no man shall deliver her from outofmyhand (11, 9 — 10). 

Interpreted, this means that He smote them with hunger and 
nakedness that they might be shamed and disgraced in the sight of the 
nations on which they relied. They will not deliver ttiem from their 
miseries. 



/ w// put an end to her rejoicing, [her feasts], her [nevH moons, her 
Sabbaths, and all her festivals (ii, II). 

Interpreted, this means that [they have rejected the ruling of the Law, 
and have] followed the festivals of the nations. But [their rejoicing shall 
come to an end and] shall be changed into mourning. / wll ravage [her 
vines and her fig trees], ofvihich she said, 'They are my mge [v\hich 
my lovers have given me'.] I wll make of them a thicket and the [vild 
beasts] shall eatthem ... (ii, 12). 

4Q167,fr.2 

... and your wound shall not be healed (v, 13). 
[Its] in[terpretation concerns] ... the furious young lion ... 

For I wll be like a lion [to E]ph[ra]im [and like a young lion to the 
house ofJudah] (v, 14a). 

[Its interpretation conjcerns the last Priest who shall stretch out his 
hand to strike Ephraim ... 

[/ vill go and come back to my place uri]til they [wif] feel guilty and 
seek my face; in ffieir distress they wll seek me eagerly (v, 15)-lts 
interpretation is that God [has hidjden His face from ... and they did not 
listen ... 



Frs.7-9 

IButthey, like Adam, havebjroken the Covenant <y\, 7). 

[Its] interpretation ... they have forsaken God and walked according 
to the decrees [of the Gentiles] ... 



Commentary on Micah (1Q]14,4Q168) 



Tiny fragments from Cave I (1Q14) represent an exposition of IVlicah. 
Altliough the proptnet's words are intended to castigate both Samaria 
and Jerusalem, the Qumran commentator interprets Samaria as 
alluding to the 'Spouter of Lies', the enemy of the sect, but relates 
Judah and Jerusalem to the Teacher of Righteousness and his 
Community Further fragments of Micah iv, 8 — 12 are given the title 
'Commentary on Micah (?)', in 4Q168 (DJD, V, 36), but since neither 
the word pesher, nor any interpretative material is extant, the 
manuscript may be biblical. 
For the editio princeps, see J. T. Milik, DJD, 1 ,77 — 80. 

[All this is] for the transgression [of Jacob and for the sins of the 
House of Israel. What is the transgression of Jacob?] Is it not 
[Samaria ?And vhat is the high place of Judah ? Is it not Jenjsalem 7 
I vill make of Samaria a ruin in the fields, and of Jenjsalem a 
plantation of vines] (i, 5 — 6). 

Irrterpreted, this concerns the Spouter of Lies [who led the] Simple 
[astray]. 

And vtiatis the high place of Judah? [Is it not Jerusalem?] (i, 5). 

[Interpreted, this concerns] the Teacher of Righteousness who 
[expounded the law to] his [Council] and to all who freely pledged 
themselves to join the elect of [God to keep the Law] in the Council of 
the Community, who shall be saved on the Day [of Judgement] ... 



Commentary on Nahum (4Q169) 

Substantial remains of a Nahum Commentary were retrieved from 
Cave 4 {4Q169). They cover parts of chapters i and 11 of the biblical 
book, and the first fourteen verses of chapter III. Their historical 
significance has been discussed in Chapter III (pp. 55 — 62). It is 
worthy of note that the commentator employs not only cryptograms 
(Kittim, furious young lion, etc.), but the actual names of two Greek 



kings (Demetrius and Antiochus). Reference to 'the furious young iion' 
as one who 'hangs men alive' shows that 'hanging', probably a 
synonym for crucifixion, was practised as a form of execution. It is also 
legislated for in the Temple Scroll (LXIV, 6 — 13), where it is the capital 
punishment reserved for traitors. In biblical law, by contrast, only the 
dead body of an executed criminal is to be hanged, ttiat is, displayed 
in public as an example (Deut. xxi, 21 ). 

On palaeographical grounds the manuscript is dated to the second 
half of the first century BCE. 

For the editio phnceps, see J. M. Allegro and A. A. Anderson, DJD, 
V, 371—42. 

Frs. 1—2 

[In v\Jiiriwnd and storm is his my and\ cloud is Uie d[ust of his feet 
(i, 3). Its interpretafion] ... The [whirlwinds and the storm]s are (from) the 
fir[mam]ents of his heaven and of his earth which he has cre[ated]. 

He rebu[kes] the sea and dh[es it up] (i , 4a). 

Its [int]erpretation: the sea is all the K[ittim who are] ... to execut[e] 
judgement against ttiem and destroy them from the face [of the earth,] 
together with [all] their [com]manders wtrase dominion shall be 
finished. 

[Bashan and] Canvel have withered and the sprout of Lebanon 
withers (i, 4b). Its interpretafion... [will per]ish in it, the summit of 
wickedness for the ... Carmel and to his commanders. Lebanon and 
the sprout of Lebanon are [the priests, the sons of Zadok and the men 
of] their [courK;]il and they shall perish from before... the elect... [a]11 
the inhabitants of the world. 

The mo[untains quake before hini\ and Uie hiils heave and the 
earth [is lifted up] before him, and [the world and all that dwell in it 
Who can stand before his waUi? And viio can arise] against his 
furious anger? (i, 5— 6a). 



[Its] interpretation] 



i [Where is the lions' den and the cave of the young lions?] (ii, ii). 
[interpreted, this concerns] ... a dweiiing-piace for the ungodiy of the 
nations. 

Whither the lion goes, there is the lion's cub, [vith none to disturb /(] 
(ii, iib). 

[Interpreted, this concerns Deme]trius l<ing of Greece who sought, 
on the counsel of those who seek smooth things, to enter Jerusalem. 
[But God did not permit the city to be delivered] into the hands of the 
kings of Greece, from the time of Antiochus until the coming of the 
rulers of the Kittim. But then she shall be trampled under their feet ... 

The lion tears enough for its cubs and it chokes prey for its 
lionesses (\\, 12a). 

[Interpreted, this] concerns the furious young lion who strikes by 
means of his great men, and by means of the men of his council. 

[And chokes prey for its lionesses; and it fills] its caves [vith prey] 
and its dens wth victims (ii, 12a — b). 

Interpreted, this concerns the furious young lion [who executes 
revenge] on those who seek smooth things and hangs men alive, ... 
formerly in Israel. Because of a man hanged alive on [the] tree, He 
proclaims, 'Behold I am against [you, says the Lord o1 Hosts]. 

[ 7 wll bum up your multitude in smoke], and the sv\ord shall 
devour your young lions. I wll [cut ofl] your prey [from the earth] (ii, i 
3). 

[Interpreted] ... your multitude is the bands of his army ... and his 
young lions are ... his prey is the wealth wfiich [the priests] of 
Jerusalem have [amassed], which ... Israel shall be delivered ... 

[And the voice of your messengers shall no more be heard] (11, 13b). 

[Interpreted] II ... his messengers are his envoys wtwse voice shall 



no more be heard among the nations. 

Woe to the city of blood; it is full of lies and rapine (i i i , la — b). 
Interpreted, this is the city of Ephraim, those who seek smooth 
things during the last days, who walk in lies and falsehood. 

The provler is not mnting, noise of vJhip and noise of rattling 
vJieel, prancing horse and jolting chariot, charging horsemen, flame 
and glittering spear, a multitude of the slain and a heap of carcasses. 
There is no end to the corpses; they stumble upon their corpses (ill, 
Ic— 3). 

Interpreted, this concems the dominion of those wfo seek smooth 
things, from the midst of whose assembly the sword of the nations shall 
never be wanting. Captivity, looting, and burning shall be among them, 
and exile out of dread for the enemy. A multitude of guilty corpses shall 
fall in their days; there shall be no erKi to the sum of their slain. They 
shall also stumble upon their body of flesh because of their guilty 
counsel. 

Because of the many harlotries of the vsll-favoured harlot, the 
mistress of seduction, she vho sells nations through her harlotries 
and families through her seductions (ill, 4). 

Interpreted, this concerns those who lead Ephraim astray, who lead 
many astray through their false teaching, their lying tongue, and 
deceitful lips - kings, princes, priests, and people, together with the 
stranger who joins them. Cities and families shall perish through their 
counsel; honourable men and rulers shall fall through their tongue's 
[decision]. 

Behold, I am against you - oracle of the Lord of Hosts - and you wll 
lift up your skirts to your face and expose your nakedness to the 
nations and your shame to the kingdoms (iii, 5). 

Interpreted ... cities of the east. For the skirts are ... Ill and the 
nations shall ... among them their filthy idols. 



/ wll cast filth upon you and treat you vith contempt and render you 
despicable, so that all v\Jio look upon you shall flee from you (iii, 6 — 
7a). 

Interpreted, this concerns those who seek smooth things, whose evil 
deeds shall be uncovered to all Israel at the end of time. Many shall 
understand their iniquity and treat them with contempt because of their 
guilty presumption. When the glory of Judah shall arise, the simple of 
Ephraim shall flee from their assembly; they shall abandon those who 
lead them astray and shall join Israel. 

They shall say, Nineveh is laid veste; vto shall grieve over her? 
Whence shall I seek comforters for you? (iii, 7b). 

Interpreted, this concerns those who seek smooth things, whose 
council shall perish and whose congregation shall be dispersed. They 
shall lead the assembly astray no more, and the simple sliall support 
their council no more. 

Are you better than /Amon which lay among the rivers? (iii, 8a). 
Interpreted, Amon is Manasseh, and the rivers are the great men of 
Manasseh, the honourable men of.. 

Which Mas surrounded by mters, \/\hose rampart i/ias the sea and 
vJiose mils were mters? (iii, 8b). 
Interpreted, these are her valiant men, her almighty warriors. 

Ethiopia [and Egypf\ were her [limitless] strength (iii, 9a). 
[Interpreted] ... 

[Put and the Libyans mre your helpers] (iii, 9b). 
IV Interpreted, these are the wicked of [Judah], the House of 
Separation, who joined Manasseh. 

Yet she was exiled; she vent into captivity. Her children were 



crushed at the top of all the streets. They cast lots for her honourable 
men, and all her great men were bound wth chains (i i i , 1 0). 

Interpreted, this concerns Manasseh in tiie final age, wliose 
l<ingdom shall be brought low by [Israel ... ] his wives, his children, and 
his little ones shall go into captivity. His migtity men and honourable 
men [shall perish] by the sword. 

[You shall be drunk] and shall be stupefied (ill, lla). 
Interpreted, this concerns the wicked of E[phraim ... ] wfxjse cup 
shall come after Manasseh ... 

[You shall also seek] refuge in the city because of the enemy (iii, i 
lb). Inter[preted, this concerns ... ] their enemies in the city ... 

[All your strongholds shall be] like tig trees wth nevJy ripe figs (iii, 
12a). 



Commentary on Habakkuk (IQpHab) 

This well-preserved and detailed exposition of the first two chapters of 
the Book of Habakkuk comes from Cave I and was published in 1950 
(M. Burrows, The Dead Sea Scrolls of St Mark's Monastery, I, New 
Haven, 1950, pis. LV— LXI). 

The palaeographical dating of the manuscript (30 — 1 BCE) has 
been confirmed by radiocarbon tests (120 — 5 BCE; cf. above, pp. 12 
— 13). The Habakkuk Commentary is one of tfie main sources for the 
study of Qumran origins, as well as Essene Bible exegesis and the 
sect's theology regarding prophecy. The historical and doctrinal 
aspects of the document are analysed in Chapters III and IV. 

I [Oracle of Habakkuk the prophet How long, O Lord, shall I cry] for 
help and Thou wit not [hear] ? (i , 1 — 2). 
[Interpreted, this concerns the beginning] of the [final] generation ... 



[Orshoutto Thee 'Violence', and Thou vvlt not deliver?] (i, 2b) 



[Why dost Thou cause me to see iniquity and to look upon 
trouble? Desolation and violence are before me] (i, 3). 
... God with oppression and unfaiWuiness ... tliey rob riclies. 

[There is quarrelling and contention] (i, 3b). 

So the lawis v\eak [and justice never goes forth] (i , 4a-b). 
[interpreted] this concerns those who have despised the Law of God 

[For the viicked encompasses] the righteous (i, 4c). 
[The wicked is the Wicked Priest, and the righteous] is the Teacher 
of Righteousness... 
[So] justice goes forth [per\/erted] (i, 4d). ... 

[Behold the nations and see, marvel and be astonished; for I 
accomplish a deed in your days, but you vill not believe it vhen] II 
to/d(i,5). 

[interpreted, this concerns] those who were unfaithful together with 
the Liar, in that they [did] not [listen to the word received by] the 
Teacher of Righteousness from the mouth of God. And it concerns the 
unfaithful of the New [Covenant] in that they have not believed in the 
Covenant of God [and have profaned] His holy Name. And likewise, 
this saying is to be interpreted [as concerning those who] will be 
unfaithful at the end of days. They, the men of violence and the 
breakers of the Covenant, will not believe when they hear all that [is to 
happen to] the final generation from the Priest [in whose heart] God set 
[understanding] that he might interpret all the words of His servants the 
Prophets, through whom He foretold all that would happen to His 
people and [His land]. 

For behold, I rouse the Chaldeans, that [bitter and hasty] nation (1, 



6a). 

Interpreted, this concerns the Kittim [who are] quick and vaiiant in 
war, causing many to perish. [Aii the worid shaii faii] under the dominion 
of the Kittim, and the [wicked ... ] they shall not believe in the laws of 
[God ... ] 

[Who march through the breadth of the eartii to take possession of 
dviellings vJiich are not their owt\ (i, 6b). 

... ill they shall march across the plain, smiting and plundering the 
cities of the earth. For it is as He said, To take possession of 
dwellings which are not their own. 

They are fearsome andtenible; their justice and grandeur proceed 
from themselves (1, 7). 

Interpreted, this concerns the Kittim who inspire all the nations with 
fear [and dread]. All their evil plotting is done with intention and they 
deal with all the nations in cunning and guile. 

Their horses are smifter than leopards and fleeter than evening 
WDlves. Their horses step formrd proudly and spread their wngs; 
they fly from afar like an eagle avid to devour All of them come for 
violence; the look on their faces is like the east wnd (i, 8 — 9a). 

[Interpreted, this] concerns the Kittim who trample the earth with their 
horses and beasts. They come from afar, from the islands of the sea, 
to devour all the peoples like an eagle which cannot be satisfied, and 
they address [all the peoples] with anger and [wrath and fury] and 
indignation. For it is as He said. The look on ^eir faces is like the 
east wnd. 

[They heap up] captives [like sand] (1, 9b). 

IV They scoff [at kings], and princes are their laughing-stock {\, 10a). 

Interpreted, this means that they mock the great and despise the 
venerable; they ridicule kings and princes and scoff at the mighty host. 



They laugh at every fortress; they pile up earth and take it (i , 10b). 

Interpreted, this concerns the commanders of the Kittim who 
despise the fortresses of the peoples and laugh at them in derision. To 
capture them, they encircle them with a mighty host, and out of fear and 
terror they deliver themselves into their hands. They destroy them 
because of the sins of their inhabitants. 

The wnd then si/ieeps on and passes; and they make of their 
strength their god {\, II). 

Interpreted, [this concerns] the commanders of the Kittim who, on the 
counsel of [the] House of Guilt, pass one in front of the other; one after 
another [their] commanders come to lay waste the earth. [And they 
make of their strength their god\: interpreted, this concerns [ ... all] the 
peoples ... 

[Art Thou not from everlasting, O Lord, my God, my Holy One? We 
shall not die.] Thou hast ordained them, [O Lord], V for judgement; 
Thou hast established them, 0 Rock, for chastisement Their eyes 
are too pure to behold evil; and Thou canst not look on distress (1,12 
—13a). 

Interpreted, this saying means that God will not destroy His people 
by the hand of the nations; God will execute the judgement of the 
nations by the hand of His elect. And through their chastisement all the 
wicked of His people shall expiate their guilt who l<eep His 
commandments in their distress. For it is as he said. Too pure of eyes 
to behold evil; interpreted, this means that they have not lusted after 
their eyes during the age of wickedness. 

O traitors, vJiy do you stare and stay silent vhen the waked 
smllom up one more righteous than he? (i, 1 3b). 

Interpreted, this concerns the House of Absalom and the members 
of its council who were silent at the time of the chastisement of the 
Teacher of Righteousness and gave him no help against the Liar who 
flouted the Law in the midst of their whole [congregation]. 



Thou dealest wth men like the fish of the sea, like creeping things, 
to njle over them. They draw[them all up wth a fish-hook], and drag 
them out wth their net, and gather them in [their seine. Therefore 
they sacrifice] to their net Therefore they rejoice [and exult and bum 
incense to their seine; for by them] Uteir portion is fat [and their 
sustenance rich] (i, 14 — 16). 

... VI the Kittim. And they shall gather in their riches, together with all 
their booty, like the fish of the sea. And as for that which He said. 
Therefore they sacrifice to their net and burn incense to their seine: 
interpreted, this means that they sacrifice to their standards and 
worship their weapons of war. For by them their portion is fat and their 
sustenance rich: interpreted, this means that they divide their yoke 
and their tribute — their sustenance - over all the peoples year by 
year, ravaging many lands. 

Therefore their sv\ord is ever drawi to massacre nations 
mercilessly <), 17). 

Interpreted, this corx^ms the Kittim who cause many to perish by 
the sword - youths, grown men, the aged, women and children - and 
who even take no pity on the fruit of the womb. 

/ wll take my stand to mtch and wll station myself upon my 
fortress. I wll mtch to see v\hat He wll say to me and how [He wll 
answer] my complaint And the Lord answered [and said to me, 'Wtite 
dowi the vision and make it plain] upon the tablets, that [he viho 
reads] may read it speedily {W, 1 — 2). 

... VII and God told Habakkuk to write down that which would happen 
to the final generation, but He did not make known to him when time 
would come to an end. And as for that which He said. That he Who 
reads may read it speedily, interpreted this concerns the Teacher of 
Righteousness, to whom God made known all the mysteries of the 
words of His servants the Prophets. 

For there shall be yet another vision conceming the appointed 



time. It shall tell of the end and shall not lie (ii, 3a). 

Interpreted, this means that the final age shall be prolonged, and 
shall exceed all that the Prophets have said; for the mysteries of God 
are astounding. 

If it tarries, mit for it, for it shall surely come and shall not be late 
(ii, 3b). Interpreted, this concerns the men of truth who keep the Law, 
whose hands shall not slacken in the service of truth when the final age 
is prolonged. For all the ages of God reach their appointed end as he 
determines for them in the mysteries of His wisdom. 

Behold, [his soul] is puffed up and is not upright (1 1 , 4a). 
Interpreted, this means that [the wicked] shall double their guilt upon 
themselves [and it shall not be forgiven] when they are judged ... 

[But the righteous shall live by his faith] (i i , 4b). 
VIII Interpreted, this concerns all those who observe the Law in the 
House of Judah, whom God will deliver from the House of Judgement 
because of their suffering and because of their faith in the Teacher of 
Righteousness. 

Moreover, the arrogant man seizes vealth without halting. He 
wdens his gullet like Hell and like Death he has never enough. All 
the nations are gathered to him and all the peoples are assembled 
to him. Will they not all of them taunt him and jeer at him saying, 
Woe to him vho amasses that v^ich is not his! Howlong wll he load 
himself up wth pledges?'{\\, 5 — 6). 

Interpreted, this concerns the Wicked Priest who was called by the 
name of truth when he first arose. But when he ruled over Israel his 
heart became proud, and he forsook God and betrayed the precepts 
for the sake of riches. He robbed and amassed the riches of the men 
of violence who rebelled against God, and he took the wealth of the 
peoples, heaping slrrful iniquity upon himself. And tie lived In the ways 
of abominations amidst every unclean defilement. 



Shall not your oppressors suddenly arise and your torturers 
amken; and shall you not become their prey? Because you have 
plundered many nations, all the remnant of the peoples shall 
plunder you (ii, 7 — 8a). 

[Interpreted, this concerns] the Priest who rebelled [and violated] the 
precepts [of God ... to command] IX his chastisement by means of the 
judgements of wickedness. And they inflicted horrors of evil diseases 
and took vengeance upon his body of flesh. And as for that which He 
said, Because you have plundered many nations, all the remnant of 
the peoples shall plunder you: interpreted this concerns the last 
Priests of Jerusalem, who shall amass money and wealth by 
plundering the peoples. But in the last days, their riches and booty shall 
be delivered into the hands of the army of the Kittim, for it is they who 
shall be the remnant of the peoples. 

Because of the blood of men and Uie violence done to the land, to 
the city, and to all its inhabitants (11, 8b). 

Interpreted, this concerns the Wicked Priest whom God delivered 
into the hands of his enemies because of the iniquity committed 
against the Teacher of Righteousness and the men of his Council, that 
he might be humbled by means of a destroying scourge, In bitterness 
of soul, because he had done wickedly to His elect. 

Woe to him m/70 gets evil profit for his house; vJno perches his nest 
high to be safe from the hand of evil! You have devised shame to 
your house: by cutting off many peoples you have forfeited your owi 
soul. For the [stone] cries out [from] the mil [and] the beam from the 
v\Dodw3rk replies (i i , 9 — 1 1 ). 

[Interpreted, this] concerns the [Priest] who ... X that its stones might 
be laid in oppression and the beam of its woodwork in robbery. And 
as for that which He said. By cutting off many peoples you have 
forfeited your own soul: interpreted this concerns the condemned 
House whose judgement God will pronounce in the midst of many 
peoples. He will bring him thence for judgement and will declare him 



guilty in tlie midst of tliem, and wiii cliastise liim witli fire of brimstone. 

Woe to him \Ajho builds a city with blood and founds a town upon 
falsehood! Behold, is it not from the Lord of Hosts that the peoples 
shall labour for fire and the nations shall strive for naught? (ii, 12 — 
13). 

interpreted, tliis concerns the Spouter of Lies who ied many astray 
that he might build his city of vanity with blood and raise a 
congregation on deceit, causing many thereby to perform a service of 
vanity for the sal<e of its giory, and to be pregnant with [works] of 
deceit, that their labour might be for nothing and that they might be 
punished with fire who vilified and outraged the elect of God. 

For as the wafers cover the sea, so shall the earth be filled wth the 
knowledge of the glory of the Lord (ii, 14). 

interpreted, [this means that] when they return ... Xi the lies. And 
aften/vards, l<nowiedge shall be revealed to them abundantly like the 
waters of the sea. 

Woe to him v\ho causes his neighbours to drink; v\ho pours out his 
venom to make them dnink that he may gaze on their feasts (11,15) 

Interpreted, this concerns the Wicked Priest who pursued the 
Teacher of Righteousness to the house of his exile that he might 
confuse him with his venomous fiiry. And at ttie time appointed for rest, 
for the Day of Atonement, he appeared before them to corrluse them, 
and to cause them to stumble on the Day of Fasting, ttieir Sabbath of 
repose. 

You have filled yourself wth ignominy more than wth glory. Drink 
also, and stagger! The cup of the Lord's right hand shall come round 
to you and shame shall come on your glory (11, 16). 

Interpreted, this concerns the Priest whose ignominy was greater 
than his glory. For he did not circumcise the foreskin of his heart, and 
he walked in the ways of drunkenness that he might quench his thirst. 
But the cup of the wrath of God shall corrluse him, multiplying his ... and 
the painof ... 



[For the violence done to Lebanon shall oveivJhelm you, and the 
destruction of the beasts] XII shall terrify you, because of the blood of 
men and the violence done to the land, the city, and all its 
inhabitants (ii, 17). 

Interpreted, this saying concerns the Wicl<ed Priest, inasmuch as he 
shall be paid the reward which he himself tendered to the Poor For 
Lebanon is the Council of the Community; and the beasts are the 
simple of Judah who keep the Law. As he himself plotted the 
destruction of the Poor, so will God condemn him to destruction. And 
as for that which He said. Because of the blood of the city and the 
violence done to the land: interpreted, the city is Jerusalem where the 
Wicked Priest committed abominable deeds and defiled the Temple 
of God. The violence done to the land: these are the cities of Judah 
where he robbed the Poor of their possessions. 

Of what use is an idol that its maker should shape it, a molten 
image, a fating of lies? For the craftsman puts his trust in his owi 
creation vhen he makes dumb idols (11,1 8). 

Interpreted, this saying concerns all the idols of the nations which 
they make so tfiat tliey may serve arxJ worsliip them. But tfiey shall not 
deliver them on the Day of Judgement. 

Woe [to him vho says] to v\Dod, 'AvBke', and to dumb [stone, 
'Arisel Can such a thing give guidance? Behold, it is covered wth 
gold and silver but there is no spirit wthin it But the Lord is in His 
holy Temple]: XIII let all the earth be silent before Him!(\\ \, 19—20). 

Interpreted, this concerns all the nations which serve stone and 
wood. But on the Day of Judgement, God will destroy from the earth all 
idolatrous and wicked men. 



Commentary on Zephaniah (1Q15, 4Q170) 



The relics of a Zephaniah Commentary from Cave 1 , covering Zeph. 
1, 18-ii, 2 and using palaeo-Hebrew letters for the divine name, are 
badly mutilated. A lengthy quotation Is followed by the word pesher 
(interpretation), and the expression 'land of Judah' implies that the 
divine anger spoken of by the prophet was understood to be directed 
against the Judaeans. Two small fragments from Cave 4 represent two 
broken lines of Zephaniah 1, 12 — 13; a couple of words which are not 
biblical precede the introductory formula, pishro (its interpretation), but 
the actual commentary is lost. The two excerpts are presented in the 
order of the biblical text. 

For the editio princeps, see D. Barthelemy and J. T. Milik, DJD, I, 
80; J. M. Allegro, DJD, V, 42. 

4Q170 

The Lord [wll not do goo]d, nor wll He do ill. And [their goods shall 
tie pl\undered and [their houses laid mste.] ... cannot ... (Zeph. i, 1 2 — 
13)-lte interpretation [concerns] ... 

1Q15 

... [in the fire of His] jealous [wath, all the earth] shall be consumed; 
[for a full, yea, sudden end He wll make of all the inha]bitants of the 
earth (Zeph. 1,18). Come together [and hold an assembly, 0 
shameless nation, before you are driven amy; like] chaff, a day has 
passed amy [before there comes upon you] the fierce anger of the 
Lord (ii, 1 — 2). The interpretation [of this saying corxiems all the 
inhabitants] of the land of Judah ... 



Commentary on Malachi (Previously Genesis 
Commentary B) 



(4Q253a) 



The document reproduces Malachi iii, 16 — 18, followed by the 
beginning of its interpretation. 
For the editio princeps, see G. J. Brooke, DJD, XXII, 212 — 5. 

[Then those fearing the Lord spoke wth one another,] and he heeded 
[and heard them and a book of memorial ms witten before him of 
those m/70 feared the Lord and thought of his name.] They shall be 
mine, [says the Lord of hosts, my special possession on the day 
vJien I act, and I wll spare] them as [a man spares his son vJio 
sen/es him. Then once more you shall distinguish] betmen the 
righteous and the vJcked, [bet\/\een one vJio sen/es God and one vJio 
does not serve him (Mai. iii, 16 — 18). Its interpretation] ... the 
righteousness and over ... 



Commentary on Psalms (1Q16, 4Q171, 4Q173) 

Cave I has preserved a few scraps of a commentary on Psalms Ivii 
and bcviii. Most of them are too small for a coherent translation, but frs. 
9 — 10 mention the Kittim (Romans), the name of the final enemy. More 
importantly, two manuscripts with Herodian script from Cave 4 
(4Q1 71 , 4Q1 73) Include Interpretations of Psalms. The bulk of the text 
is devoted to Psalm xxxvil, in which the destiny of the just and the 
wicked Is expourKled in connection with the story of the sect and its 



opponents, and in particular the stnjggle between ttie Teacher of 
Righteousness and ttie Wiclced Priest. Recognizable remains of 
Psaims xlvand cxxvii aiso survive. 

For the editio phnceps, see J. T. M\\\\i, DJD, I, 81 — 2; J. M. Allegro 
and A. A. Anderson, DJD, V, 42—53. 

4Q171 

I ... [Be sil\ent before [the Lord and\ long for him, and be not heated 
against the successful, the man v\ho [achi]eves his plans (xxxvi i , 7a). 

Its interpretation concerns the Liar who has led astray many by his 
lying words so that they chose frivolous things and tieeded not the 
interpreter of knowledge in order to ... II they shall perish by the sword 
and famine and plague. 

Relent from anger and abandon wath. Do not be angry; it tends 
only to evil, for the wcked shall be cut off(8-9a). 

Interpreted, this concerns all those who return to the Law, to those 
who do not refuse to turn away from their evil. For all those who are 
stubborn in turning away from their iniquity shall be cut off. 

But those vJio mit for the Lord shall possess the land (9b). 

Interpreted, this is the congregation of IHIs elect who do IHIs will. 

A litBe vhile and the wcked shall be no more; I wll look tomrds his 
place but he shall not be there (10). 

Interpreted, this concems all tfie wicl<ed. At ttie end of the forty years 
they shall be blotted out and no [evil] man shall be found on the earth. 

But the humble shall possess the land and delight in abundant 

peace (II). 

Interpreted, this concerns [the congregation of the] Poor who shall 
accept the season of penance and shall be delivered from all the 
snares of Belial. Afterwards, all wfio possess the earth shall delight 
and prosper on exquisite food. 



The wcked plots against the righteous and gnashes [his teeth a]t 
him. [The Lo]rd laughs at him, for He sees that his day is coming (1 2 
-13). 

Interpreted, this concerns the violent of the Covenant who are in the 
House of Judah, who have plotted to destroy those who practise the 
law, who are in the Courrcil of the Community. And God will rxjt forsake 
them to their hands. 

The wcked draw the smrd and bend their bow to bring down the 
poor and needy and to slay the upright of my. Their smrd shall enter 
their owi heart and their bovts shall be broken (14-15). 

Interpreted, this concerns the wicked of Ephraim and Manasseh, 
who shall seek to lay hands on the Priest and the men of his Council at 
the time of trial which shall come upon them. But God will redeem them 
from out of their hand. And afterwards, they shall be delivered into the 
hand of the violent among the nations for judgement. 

vacat Better is the little Which the righteous has than the 
abundance of many wcked people (16). 

[interpreted, this concerns ... those who practise the law ... For the 
ai{ms of the wcked shall be broken, buf\ the Loild upholds the 
righteous] (17). 

[The Lord knov\s the days of the perfect and their portion shall be 
for ever In evil times they shall not be shamed\ (1 8-1 9a). 

Ill ... to the penitents of the desert wtx), saved, shall live for a 
thousand generations and to whom all the glory of Adam shall belong, 
as also to their seed for ever. 

And in the days of famine they shall be [satislf\ed, but the wcked 
shall perish (^9b-20a). 

Interpreted, this [means that] He will keep them alive during the 
famine and the time of humiliation, whereas many shall perish from 



famine and plague, all those who have not departed [from there] to be 
with the Congregation of His elect. 

And those vJio love the Lord shall be like the pride of pastures 
(20b). 

Interpreted, [this concerns] the congregation of His elect, who shall 
be leaders and princes... of the flock among their herds. 

Like smoke they shall all of them vanish awy (20C). 

Interpreted, [this] concerns the princes [of wickedness] who have 
oppressed His holy people, and who shall perish like smoke [blown 
away by the wind]. 

The vicked borrows and does not repay, but the righteous is 
generous and gives. Tnily, those whom He [blesses shall possess] 
the land, but those vhom He curses [shall be cut ofl] (21 -2). 

Interpreted, this concerns the congregation of the Poor, who [shall 
possess] the whole world as an inheritance. They shall possess the 
High IVIountain of Israel [for ever], and shall enjoy [everlasting] delights 
in His Sanctuary. [But those who] shall be cut off, they are the violent [of 
the nations and] the wicked of Israel; they shall be cut off and blotted 
out for ever. 

The steps of the man are confirmed by the Lord and He delights in 
all his mys; though [he stumble, he shall not fall, for the Lord shall 
support his hand\ (23-4). 

Interpreted, this concerns the Priest, the Teacher of [Righteousness 
whom] God chose to stand before Him, for He established him to build 
for Himself the congregation of... 

/ [have been yourtg] and now am old, yet [I have] not [seen the 
righteous] forsaken, or his children begging bread. He is [ever] giving 
liberally and lendirtg and [his] children become a blessing (25-6). 

Interpreted, this concerns ... 



IV The unjust shall be destroyed for ever and the children of the 
vv[cked shall be cut off\ (28). 
These are the violent ... 

The righteou[s shall possess the land and dvell] upon it for ever 
(29). 

[Interpreted, this concerns] ... 

[The mouth of the righteous utters] wisdom and his tongue speaks 
\justice. The lawof God is in his heart, his steps vill not slip (30-31). 
Interpreted, It concerns ... ] ... 

The wcked mtches out for the righteous and seeks [to slay him. 
The Lord wll not abandon him into his hand oi] let him be 
condemned \Atien he is tried (3 2-3). 

Interpreted, this concerns the Wicked [Priest] who [watched the 
Teacher of Righteousness] that he might put him to death [because of 
the ordinance] and the law which he sent to him. But God will not 
aban[don him and wll not let him be condemned vtien he is] tried. 
And [God] wiii pay him his reward by delivering him Into the hand of the 
violent of the nations, that they may execute upon him yudgement]. 

[Wait for the Lo]rd and keep to His my, and [He] wll exalt you to 
possess the land; you wll lo[ok] on the destruction of the wcked (34). 

[Interpreted, It concerns ... ] wtio will see the judgement of 
wickedness and with his elect will rejoice Inthe heritage of truth. 

/ [have seen] a wcked man overbearing ... [like a cedar of 
Lebanon]. I passed before [him, and], lo, he ms [no more], though I 
[sought him,] he could not [be found (35-6). 

Interpreted, it concerns] the Liar who ... against the e[lec]t of God, 
[and sought] to bring to an end ... 

[Mark the blameless man and behold] the upright, [for there is 



posterity for the ma]n of peace (37). 
Its interpretation con[cerns ... ] peac[e]. 

But the transgressors shall be altogether destroyed; the post [erity 
of the wcked shall be cut off (38). 

interpreted, it concerns ... ] wiii perisfi and be cut off from the midst of 
tlie congregation of the Community ... 

...he delivers them from the wcked [and saves them, because 
they take refuge in him (40). 

interpreted, it concerns ... ] God wiii save them and deliver them from 
the w[icl<ed ... ] 

For the choirmaster according to [the //7/]es. [For the sons of 
Korah. Maskil. A song oflove(Ps. xlv, I). 

Its interpretation is that th]ey are the seven divisions of the penitents 
of ls[rael ... ]. 

My he[arf\ is astir vith a good word. I speak of my vork to the King 
(xlv, I). 

[Its interpretation ... spir]it of holiness for ... books of... 

And my tongue is the pen of [a speedy scribe (xlv, I). 
Its interpretation] concerns the Teacher of [Righteousness] ... God 
with an answering tongue ... 

4Q173 

[... Vai\nis it for you to rise eariy and lie dowi late. You shall eat the 
bread of toil; [he shall food those vho love him in theii] sleep (cxxvii, 
2). 

[Its interpretation is th]at they shall seek ... Teacher of Righteousness 
... [pri]est at the end of the a[ge] ... 



Commentary on an Unidentifiable Text 



(4Q183) 

Three fragments of a biblical commentary, indicated by the 
introductory formula, 'And that which he said', which is common in 
pesher literature, have been published by J. M. Allegro. None of the 
quotations has been preserved, but the phraseology and the historical 
allusions recall the Habakkuk Commentary and other pesharim. The 
divine names 'God' (el) and 'the Lord' (YhvJi) are written in palaeo- 
Hebrew script. Onlyfr 2 is suitable for translation. 4Q172 [DJD, V, 50- 
1) is also an amalgam of commentaries on unidentified texts, but the 
fragments are so small as to preclude altogether any translation. 

For the ed/f/o princeps, see J. M. Allegro and A. A. Anderson, DJD, 
V,81-2. 

II their enemies. And they profaned their sanctuary... from them. And 
they rose for battles one [with another] against his covenant. God 
saved and delivered... goodwill. And he gave them a single heart to 
wal[k in the way of his truth. And they despised] all the wealth of 
wickedness and kept apart from the wa[y of wickedness] ... the erring 
spirit and with a tongue of truth ... And they atoned for their iniquity 
through [their] strokes... their iniquity, vacat And that which he said, ... 



Fioriiegium or iVIidrash on the Last Days 



(4Q174) 

This collection of texts assembled from 2 Samuel arxi the Psalter, and 



combined with other scriptural passages, serves to present the 
sectarian doctrine identifying the Community with ttie Temple, and to 
announce the coming of the two Messiahs, the 'Branch of David' and 
the 'Interpreter of the Law'. Originating from Cave 4 (4Q174) and 
known also as 'Florilegium', it probably belongs to the late first century 
BCE. 

For the editio princeps, see J. M. Aiiegro and A. A. Anderson, DJD, 

V, 53-7. 

!...[/ wll appoint a place for my people Israel and wll plant them that 
they may dvell there and be troubled no more by theii] enemies. No 
son of iniquity [shall afflict them again] as formerly, from the day that 
[I set judges] over my people Israel (2 Sam. vii, 10). 

This is the House which [He will build for them in the] last days, as it 
is written in the book of Moses, In the sanctuary which Thy hands 
have established, O Lord, the Lord shall reign for ever and ever 
(Exod. XV, 17-18). This is the House into which [the unclean shall] never 
[enter, nor the uncircumcised,] nor the Ammonite, nor the IVIoabite, nor 
the half-breed, nor the foreigner, nor the stranger, ever; for there shall 
IVIy Holy Ones be. [Its glory shall endure] for ever; it shall appear above 
it perpetually And strangers shall lay it waste no more, as they formerly 
laid waste the Sanctuary of Israel because of its sin. He has 
commanded that a Sanctuary of men be built for Himself, that there 
they may send up, 11 ke the smoke of i ncense, the works of the Law. 

And concerning His words to David, And I [wllgive] you [resf| from all 
yourenemies (2 Sam. vii, 11), this means that He will give them rest 
from all the children of Belial who cause them to stumble so that they 
may be destroyed [by their errors,] just as they came with a [devilish] 
plan to cause the [sons] of light to stumble and to devise against them 
a wicked plot, that [they mighit become subject] to Belial in their 
[wicked] straying. 

The Lord declares to you that He wll build you a House (2 Sam. 
vii, 11c).1 / wll raise up your seed after you (2 Sam. vii, 12). / wll 



establish the throne of his kingdom [forevei] (2 Sam. vii, 1 3). [/ w/toe] 
his faUier and he shall tie my son (2 Sam. vii, 14). He is the Brancliof 
David who shall arise with ttie Interpreter of the Law [to rule] in Zion [at 
the end] of time. As it is written, / will raise up the tent of David that is 
fallen (Amos ix, 11). That is to say, the fallen tent of David is he who 
shall arise to save Israel. 

Explanation o\ How blessed is the man v\ho does not v\bII< in the 
counsel of the wcl<ed (Ps. i, 1). Interpreted, this saying [concerns] 
those who turn aside from the way [of the people] as it is written in the 
book of Isaiah the Prophet concerning the iast days, It came to pass 
that [the Lord turned me aside, as with a mighty hand, from walking in 
the way of ] this people (Isa. viii, 11). They are those of whom it is 
written in the book of Ezekiel the Prophet, The Levltes [strayed far 
from me, following] their idois (Ezek. xliv. Prophet, are the sons of 
Zadok who [seek their own] counsel and follow 10). They are the sons 
of Zadok who [seek their own] counsel and follow [their own inclination] 
apart from the Council of the Community. 

[l/Wiy] do the nations [rage] and the peoples meditate [vanity? Why 
do the kings of the earth] rise up, [and the] princes take counsel 
together against the Lord and against [His Messiah]? (Ps. ii, 1). 
Interpreted, this saying concerns [tlie kings of the nations] wtio shall 
[rage against] the elect of Israel in the last days. 11 This shall be the 
time of the trial to co[me concerning the house of J]udah so as to 
perfect ... Belial, arxl a remnant of the people shall be left according to 
the lot (assigned to them), and they shall practise the whole Law... 
Moses. This is the time of which it Is written in the book of Daniel the 
Prophet: But the wicked shall do wickedly and shall not understand, 
but the righteous shall purify themselves and make themselves vthite 
(Dan. xii, 10). The people who know God stiall be strong. They are the 
masters who understand... 



Testimonia or Messianic Anthology 



(4Q175) 



This short document from Cave 4 (4Q175), dating to the early first 
century BCE and similar in literary style to the Christian Testimonia or 
coiiections of messianic proof-texts, includes five quotations arranged 
in four groups. Only the last of them is followed by an interpretation. 

The first group consists of two texts from Deuteronomy referring to 
the prophet similar to IVIoses; the second is an extract from a prophecy 
of Balaam about the Royal IVIessiah; the third is a blessing of the 
Levites and, impiicitiy, of the Priest-l\/lessiah. 

The last group opens with a verse from Joshua, which is then 
expounded by means of a quotation from the sectarian Psalms of 
Joshua (cf. 4Q379 beiow, p. 547). IVlost experts hold that the 
commentator, bearing in mind the biblical passage, is alluding to three 
characters: a father ('an accursed man') and his two sons. However, 
the verb 'arose' in the second sentence is in the singular, and it would 
seem correct to interpret this text as referring to the two brothers only. 

For the editio princeps, see J. M. Allegro and A. A. Anderson, DJD, 
V, 57-60. 

The Lord spoke to Moses saying: 

You have heard the WDrds vJhich this people have spoken to you; 
all they have said is right Othat their heart were always like this, to 
fear me and to keep my commandments alvBys, that it might be well 
with them and their children for ever! (Deut. v, 28-9). / viii raise up for 
them a Prophet like you from among their brethren. I will put my 
WDrds into his mouth and he shall tell them all that I command him. 
And I wll require a reckoning of whoever wll not listen to the \mrds 
which the Prophet shall speak in my Name (Deut. xvi i i , 1 8-1 9). 

He took up his discourse and said: 

Oracle of Balaam son of Bear. Oracle of the man vJiose eye is 



penetrating. Oracle of him wtio has heard the words of God, v\ho 
knovB the vJsdom of the Most High and sees the vision of the 
Almighty, vJio falls and his eyes are opened. I see him but not now I 
behold him but not near. A star shall come out of Jacob and a 
sceptre shall rise out of Israel; he shall crush the temples of Moab 
and destroy all the children ofSheth (Num. xxi v, 1 5-1 7). 

And of Levi he said: 

Give Thy Tummim to Levi, and Thy Urimto Thy pious one vJiom 
Thou didst test at Massah, and wth \/\hom Thou didst quarrel at the 
mters ofMeribah; v\ho said to his father and mother, V knowyou not', 
and vJno did not acknovJedge his brother, or know his sons. For they 
observed Thy word and kept Thy Covenant They shall cause Thy 
precepts to shine before Jacoband Thy Law before Israel. They shall 
send up incense towards Thy nostrils and place a burnt-offering upon 
Thine altar Bless his powsr, O Lord, and delight in the work of his 
hands. Smite the loins of his adversaries and let his enemies rise no 
more (Deut. xxxiii, 8-1 1 ). 

When Joshua had finished offering praise and thanl<sgiving, he said: 
Cursed be the man who rebuilds this city! May he lay its 
foundation on his tirst-bom, and set its gate upon his youngest son 
(Josh, vi, 26). Behold, an accursed man, a man of Belial, has risen to 
become a fowler's net to his people, and a cause of destmction to aii 
his neighbours. Arxl [his brother] arose [and ruled in ii]es, both being 
instruments of violence. They have rebuilt [this city and have set up for 
it] a waii and towers to mal<e of it a stronglnold of ungodliness in Israel, 
and a horror in Ephraim and in Judah ... They have committed an 
abomination In the land, and a great blasphemy among the children [of 
Jacob. They have shed blood] like water upon the ramparts of the 
daughter of Zion and within the precincts of Jerusalem. 



Ordinances or Commentaries on Bibiicai Law 



(4Q159, 4Q513-14) 



Three manuscripts from Cave 4 (4Q159, 4Q513-14), and probably 
belonging to the tum of the era, include reinterpretatlons of various 
biblical laws. 

In the first statute, the interpreter deduces from Deut. xxiii, 25 — 6 that 
a poor man may eat ears of com in the field of another person, but is 
not allowed to take any home. On a threshing-floor, however, he may 
both eat and gather provisions for his family. 

Next follows a statute refem'ng to the half-shekel tax contributed by 
every Israelite aged twerrtyto the upkeep of the place of worship. Later 
Jewish tradition interpreted this passage as instituting a yearly tax to 
be paid by every male Israelite (of. Neh. x, 32; Matth. xvii, 24-7; see 
also the treaUse Shekalim or Shekel Dues in the Mishnah). The 
Qumran ordinance, however, insists on one single payment, thereby 
complying with the scriptural rule and at the same time withholding 
regular support from the Temple in Jerusalem. Here 4Q159 and 
4Q513, frs. 1 — 2, partly overlap. 

The third statute (4Q159, frs. 2-4) deals with the prohibition against 
selling an Israelite as a slave (of. Lev. xxv, 39-46); with cases to be 
judged by a court of twelve magistrates; with the forbidden interchange 
of garments between men and women (cf Deut. xxii, 5); and with the 
charge laid by a husband against his wife that she was not a virgin 
when he married her (Deut. xxii, 13-21). 

Finally, 4Q513, frs. 2-4, and 4Q514 legislate on purity rules. 

For the editio princeps, see J. M. Allegro and A. A. Anderson, DJD, 
V, 6-9; M. Baillet, DJD, VII, 287-98. 

4Q159 

II ... [And] anyone who has made of it a threshing-floor or a winepress, 
any destitute [Israelite] who goes into a threshing-floor may eat there 
and gather for himself and for [his] hou[sehold. But should he walk 



among com standing in] the field, he may eat but may not bring it to his 
house to store it. 

Conceming... the money of valuation that a man gives as ransom for 
his life, it shall be half [a shekel... ] He shall give it only once in his life. 
Twenty gerahs make one shekel according to [ttie shekel of the 
sanctuary (cf. Exod. xxx, 12-13) ... ] For the 600,000, one hundred 
talents; for the 3,000, half a talent (=30 minahs); [for the 500, five 
minahs;] and for the 50, half a minah, (which is) twenty-five shekels (cf. 
Exod. xxxviii, 25-6) 

4Q159,frs.2^ 

... before lsra[el]. They shall [n]ot serve Gerrtiles among foreign[ers, for 
He has brought them out from the land of] Egypt, and He has 
commanded corK»ming them that none shall be sold as a slave... [t]en 
men and two priests, and they shall be judged before these twelve... 
spoke in Israel against a person, they stiall inquire in accordance with 
them. Whosoever shall rebel..., shall be put to death for he has acted 
wilfully. 

Let no man's garment be worn by a woman all [the days of her life]. 
Let him [not] be covered with a woman's mantle, nor wear a woman's 
tunic, for this is an abomination. 

If a man accuses a virgin of Israel (that she Is not a virgin). If this is 
when he marries her, let him say so and they shall examine her 
[concerning her] trustworthiness. If he has not lied concerning her, she 
shall be put to death. But if he has humiliated her [false]ly, he shall be 
fined two minahs, [and] shall [not] divorce her all his life.... 

4Q513 

... [Tw]enty [gerahs] make a shekel according to the she[kel of the 
sanctuary ...] The half-[shekel consists of twe]lv[e me]ahs, [two] zuzim 
... also sources of uncleanness. The ephah and the bath, also sources 
of uncleanness, have ttie same capacity (viz.) ten 'issarons (=tenths). 



A bath of wine corresponds to an ephah of com. The seah consists of 
tliree and one-tliird 'issamns, sources of uncieanness, and tlie titlie of 
tine ephah [is tine 'issaron]. 

4Q514 

i He shall not eat... for all the unclean... to count for [him seven days of 
wa]shing and he shall wash and cieanse on the d[a]y of [his] 
purification. Whoever has not begun his purification from his 'fo[un]t' 
[shail rK>t eat]. [Neither shaii he eat] in his first (degree of) uncieanness. 
Ali those temporariiy unclean shall wash on the day of their 
[pu]rification, and cieanse (their garments) with water and shaii 
become clean. Afterwards they may eat their bread according to the 
iaw of purity Whoever has not begun his purification from his 'fount' 
shaii not eat (again?) in his first (degree of) uncieanness. Whoever is 
stiii in his first (degree of) uncieanness shaii not eat. Aii those 
temporariiy [un]ciean shall on the day of their pu[rification] wash and 
cieanse (their garments) with water and they shaii be clean. Afterwards 
they may eat their bread according to the i[aw. None] shail e[at] or 
drinl< with whomsoev[er] prepares... 



The Heavenly Prince Melchizedek 



(11Q13) 

A striking mid-first-century BCE document, composed of eleven 
fragments from Cave 11 arxJ centred on the mysterious figure of 
Melchizedel<, was first published by A. S. van der Woude in 1965. It 
tal<es the form of an eschatologlcal midrash in which the proclamation 
of liberty to the captives at the erxJ of days (Isa. ixi, 1) is understood as 
being part of ttie general restoration of property during the year of 



Jubilee (Lev. xxv, 13), seen in the Bible (Deut. xv, 2) as a remission of 
debts. 

The heavenly deliverer is Melchizedek. Identical with the archangel 
Michael, he is the head of the 'sons of Heaven' or 'gods of Justice' and 
is referred to as elohim and el. The same terminology occurs in the 
Songs for the Holocaust of the Sabbath. These Hebrew words 
normally mean 'God', but in certain specific contexts Jewish tradition 
also explains elohim as primarily designating a 'judge'. Here 
Melchizedek is portrayed as presiding over the final Judgement and 
condemnation of his demonic counterpart, Belial/Satan, the Prince of 
Darkness, elsewhere also called Melkiresha' (cf. pp. 391, 570). The 
great act of deliverance is expected to occur on the Day of Atonement 
at the end of the tenth Jubilee cycle. 

This manuscript sheds valuable light not only on the Melchizedek 
figure in the Epistle to the Hebrews vii, but also on the development of 
the messianic concept in the New Testament and early Christianity. 

For the editio princeps, see F. Garcia Martinez, E. J. C. Tlgchelaar 
and A. S. van der Woude, DJD, XXIII, 221^1 . 



Frs. 1-4 



II... And concerning that which He said, In [this] year of Jubilee [each of 
you shall return to his property (Lev xxv, 1 3); and likewise, And this is 
the manner of release:] every creditor shall release that v\Jhich he has 
lent [to his neighbour He shall not exact it of his neighbour and his 
brother], for God's release [has been proclaimed] (Deut. xv, 2). [And it 
will be proclaimed at] the end of days concerning the captives as [He 
said. To proclaim liberty to the captives (Isa. Ixi, 1 ). its interpretation is 
that He] will assign them to the Sons of Heaven and to the inheritance 
of Melchizedek; f[or He will cast] their [lot] amid the po[rtions of 
Melchizejdek, who will return them there and will proclaim to them 
liberty, forgiving them [the wrong-doings] of all their iniquities. 

And this thing will [occur] in the first week of the Jubilee that follows 
the nine Jubilees. And ttie Day of Atonement is the e[nd of ttie] tenth 



[Ju]bilee, when all the Sons of [Light] and the men of the lot of 
Mel[chi]zedek will be atoned for. [And] a statute concerns them [to 
prov]ide them with their rewards. For this is the moment of the Year of 
Grace for Melchizedel<. [And h]e will, by his strength, judge the holy 
ones of God, executing judgement as it is written conceming him in the 
Songs of David, who said, ELOHIM has taken his place in Uie divine 
council; in the midst of the gods he holds judgement (Psalms Ixxxii, 

1) . And it was concerning him that he said, (Let the assembly of the 
peoples) retum to the height aboi/e them; EL (god) wll judge the 
peoples (Psalms vii, 7-8). As for that which he s[aid, Howlong wll you] 
judge unjustly and showpartiality to the vicked? Selah (Psalms Ixxxii, 

2) , its interpretation concerns Belial and the spirits of his lot [who] 
rebelled by turning away from the precepts of God to ... And 
IVIelchizedel< will avenge the vengeance of the judgements of God... 
and he will drag [them from the hand of] Belial and from the hand of all 
the spprits of] his [lot]. And all the 'gods [of Justice'] will come to his aid 
[to] attend to the de[struction] of Belial. And the height \s ... all the sons 
of God... this ... This is the day of [Peace/Salvation] concerning which 
[God] spol<e [through Isajiah the prophet, who said, [Hom] beautiful 
upon the mountains are the feet of the messenger vJio proclaims 
peace, vho brings good nevs, \AJho proclaims salvation, 1/1/70 says to 
Zion: Your ELOHIM [reigns] (Isa. Hi, 7). Its interpretation; the 
mountains are the prophets... and the messenger is the Anointed one 
of the spirit, concerning whom Dan[iel] said, [Until an anointed one, a 
prince (Dan. ix, 25)] ... [And he vJio brings] good [nem] , vJio 
proclaims [salvation]: it is concerning him that it is written... [To 
comfort all vJho mourn, to grant to those \/\ho mourn in Zion] (Isa. Ixi, 
2-3). To comfort [those \Mio mourn: its interpretation], to mal<e them 
understand all the ages of t[ime] ... In truth ... will turn away from Belial... 
by the judgement[s] of God, as it is written concerning him, [v\ho says 
toZion] \ your ELOHIM /"e/gns. Zion is those who uphold the 
Covenant, who turn from walking [in] the way of the peopie. And your 
ELOHIM is [Melchizedek, who will save them from] the hand of Belial. 

As for that which He said. Then you shall send abroad the trump[et 
in] all the land (Lev. xxv, 9) ... 



Consolations or Tanhumim 



(4Q176) 

A large number of small fragments from a Cave 4 manuscript (4Q1 76), 
edited by J. M. Allegro in 1968, represent a scriptural anthology 
centred on the theme of divine consolation. Originally each citation 
was accompanied by a sectarian exegesis, but only a few/ examples of 
the latter survive. The majority of the extant remains belong to Isaiah xl- 
lv(Ps. Ixxix, 2-3; Isa. xl, 1-5; xli, 8-9; xlix, 13-17; xliii, 1-2,4-6; 11, 22-3; Hi, 
1-3; liv, 4-10; Hi, 1-2; Zech. xiii, 9). The translated passage is based on 
Psalm Ixxix, 2-3, and is follow/ed by a new/ title — From the Book of 
Isaiah; Consolations — and the quotation of the opening verses of Isa. 
xl. The four asterisks symbolize the Tetragram indicated in the 
manuscript simply by dots. 

For the editio princeps, see J. M. Allegro and A. A. Anderson, DJD, 
V, 60-67. 

I And he shall accomplish Thy miracles and Thy righteousness among 
Thy people. And they shall... Thy sanctuary, and shall dispute with the 
kingdoms over the blood of ... Jerusalem and shall see the bodies of 
Thy priests... and none to bury them (Ps. Ixxix, 3). From the Book of 
Isaiah: Consolations [Ck)mlbrt, comfort, my people] — saysyourGod - 
speak to the heart ofJenisatem and c[/y to her that] her [bondage is 
completed], that her punishment is accepted, that she has received 
from the hand of**** double for allhersins... (Isa. xl, 1 -3). 



Catenae or Interpretation of Biblical Texts on 
the Last Days 



(4Q177, 4Q182) 



These two documents consist of over thirty fragments, none of which 
amounts to units of coherent text. The connecting theme is 
eschatology, with the phrase 'at the end of days' appearing half a 
dozen times. The majority of the biblical quotations are from the 
Psalms (Ps. vi, xi, xii, xiii, xvi), but explicit mentions are also made of 
'the Book of the Law' (or possibly 'the Second Law') (4Q177, frs. 1-4, 
1. 14), 'the Book of Ezekiel, the prophet' (4Q177, fr. 7, 1.3), and 'the 
Book of Jerem[iah the prophet?]' (4Q182,fr 1, 1 . 4). The citations are 
introduced by 'as it is written', and the expository sections start with 
pesher. The following typically sectarian expressions are attested: 
'party of light' (fr 1-4, 1. 8), 'men of his council' (ibid., 1. 16), 
'congregation of seekers of smooth things' (fr 9, 1 . 4), 'men of Belial' 
(fr 10-11, 1. 4), 'Interpreter of the Law' (ibid., 1. 5), 'sons of light' (fr 
12-13 i, 11.7, 11), 'council of the Community' (fr. 14,1. 5). 

For the editio princeps, see J. M. Allegro and A. A. Anderson, DJD, 
V, 64-74, 80-81; of. J. Strugnell, RQ 7(1 970), 236-46, 256. 

4Q177 frs. 10-11, 7, 9, 20, 26 (as reconstructed 
by Strugnell) 

... The interpretation of the saying concerns the purifying of the heart of 
the men... to try tliem and refine them... by the spirit and the pure and 
the purified... [As for that which] he said, Lest the enemy say, [I have 
prevailed over him] (Ps. xiii, 5) ... They are the congregation of the 
seekers of smooth things who... [unt]il they seek to destroy... by their 
jealousy and hostilit[y] ... The int[erpretation of this word concerns] ... 
[whijch is written in ttie Book of Ezekiel the pr[ophet] ... 

[The interpretation of the saying concerns ttie end] of days when 
there will be gathered against them ... 



G. Biblically Based Apocryphal Works 




' Jubi lees' , Israel Antiquities Authority 



Jubilees 



(40216-28, 1Q17-18, 2Q19-20, 3Q5, 4Q482(?), 
11Q12) 



The pseudepigraphon, known prior to Qumran from a complete 
Ethiopia and partial Greek, Latin and Syriac translations, has for the 
first time surfaced in a large number of mostly small fragments in its 
Hebrew original in five Qumran caves. The work itself is a midrashic 
retelling of the story of Genesis (and the beginning of Exodus) in the 
form of a revelation conveyed by angels to Moses. Apart from some 
4Q relics, the texts from 1 -3Q and 1 1 Q are too mutilated to provide the 
basis for an English translation and their chief significance lies in their 
attestation of a Hebrew original generally close to the account 
preserved in the ancient versions. 

The 4Q material includes some larger fragments suitable for 
rendering into English, and 4Q225, surnamed pseudo-Jubilees by the 
editors, but which could just as well be accepted simply as an 
alternative account, reveals supplementary material of some 
importance not only for Jubilees in general, but also for the study of the 
Akedah or story of the sacrifice of Isaac, certain features of which 
receive here their first pre-Chrisfian attestafion. 

4Q216, which in part may be the earliest Jubilees manuscript and 
should be dated palaeographically to the last quarter of the second 
century BCE, testifies in the form of small fragments to the beginning 
of the book (between 1, 1 and 11, 24 of the Ethiopic version). It 
contains the Hebrew title of the work, Book of the Divisions of the 
Times, repeated also in other 4Q fragments, a title already known from 
the Damascus Document (XVI, 3). 4Q217 and 218, the first consisting 
of eleven tiny papyrus fragments and the secorKi of a single small 
leather fragment, both probably derive from the opening chapters of 
Jubilees. 4Q219, also poorly preserved, has preserved tit-bits from 



chapters xxi, 1 to XXII, 1 . Its only noteworthy contribution is that in col. 
1 1 , lines 35-6, It dates the death of Abraham con-ectly to the forty-third 
jubilee counted from the creation, and not to the forty-fourth, as the 
Ethiopic version does. 4QJube 4Q220 supplies a single largish, hence 
translatable, fragment of Jub. xxi, 5-10 written in an early Herodian 
script (last three decades of the first century BCE). It occasionally 
overlaps with 4Q219, thus permitting ttie filling in of two gaps. The 
remaining four4QJub manuscripts are once again so fragmentary that 
no franslation is possible. 4Q221 consists of thirty-seven tiny 
fragments, covering small identified portions of Jub. xxi, 22 to xxxix, 9. 
The six fragments of 4Q222 echo Jub. xxv, 9-12; XXVII, 6-7 and XLIX, 
5(?) and the badly worn papyrus manuscripts of 4Q223-4, where 
identifiable, reflect Jub. XXXII, 18 to XLI, 10. 

Remains of three Hebrew manuscripts (4Q225-7) have preserved a 
writing al<in to Jubilees or representing a discrepant version of it. In 
either case, 'Pseudo-Jubilees', the title chosen by the editors, is no 
doubt a misnomer. Palaeographically 4Q225 is dated to the turn of 
the era; 4Q226 to the second half, and 4Q227 to the final decades, of 
the first century BCE. Of the three fragments, the first and the third are 
very damaged, but substanfial parts of fragment 2 are extant. The 
author recounts the sacrifice of Isaac with details which differ from the 
Genesis story and display close parallels to the post-biblical 
representation of the Akedah or Binding of Isaac, anticipating features 
known from the Palestinian Targums (Ps. Jonathan and Neofiti on 
Gen. xxii, 10 in col. 11 .4; Ps. Jon. on Gen. xxii, 11 , and PIrqe de-Rabbi 
Eliezer 105c on the same passage In col. 11.1). The presence of 
angels at the sacrifice is repeatedly attested in the Targums. 4Q225 
provides the earliest (pre-Chrlsfian) evidence for the rabbinic story of 
Isaac's voluntary self-sacrifice which is thought to have supplied a 
model for the formulation by New Testament writers of the teaching on 
the sacrificial death of Jesus. Cf. G. Vermes, Scripture and Tradition 
in Judaism (Brill, 1961), 193-227. Cf. also G. Vermes, 'New Light on 
the Akedah from4Q225',JJS 47 (1996), 140-46. 

4Q226 or psJub'^ is made up of fourteen fragments, half of them 
unidenfifiable. The first six menfion Egypt, the wilderness, Joshua's 
crossing (of the Jordan) and the land of Canaan. Fr. 7, the largest, 



returns to the aftermath of the sacrifice of isaac and furnishes a text 
cioseiy resembling 4Q225 2, ii. The badiy damaged fr. 2 of 4Q227 is 
centred on the figure of Enoch, instructed by angeis, testifying against 
his contemporaries and the angels caiied Watchers. Allusion Is made 
to his writing activity, Including astrommlcal knowledge which was to 
stop the righteous from going astray. The two small fragments of 
4Q227 contain references to Moses and to Enoch (cf. Jub. iV, 17-24) 
and 4Q228 consists of one large and eight tiny fragments, one of 
which (fr 1, 1. 9) displays the phrase, 'For thus Is written in the 
Divisions [of times]'. Hence it Is identified as an unknown work quoting 
the Book of Jubilees. 

For the editio phnceps of 4Q216-28, see J. C. VanderKam and J. 
T Miiik, DJD, XIII, 1-185. For 11Q12, see F. Garcia Martinez ef a/., 
DJD, XXiii, 207—20. 



4Q220, fr. 1 (Jub. xxi, 5-10) 

[And do not go ajfter idols and after... and do not [eat any bi]ood of a 
wild or domestic animal or a bird which [flies] ... [And if you sac]rifice a 
peace-offering as a burnt-offering, sacrifice it for (God's) pleasure. 
And sprinkle their blood on the ait[ar. And all] the flesh of the burnt- 
offering you will offer on the ait[ar] together with the flour mixed with 
[o]i[l] of its meal-offering.... [You] will offer all on the altar as a fire- 
offering, a pleasant odour before God. [And the ... of peace-offerin]gs 
you will offer on the fire which Is on the altar. And the fat [which is on ... 
and] the [f]at which is on the entrails and the kidneys [and] the [fat 
which is on them (cf 4Q219)] ... and the lobes of the liver with the 
kidneys you shall remove [and you shall offer (cf. 4Q219)] ... with its 
offering and its libation... 
... [on] that [day] and on the morrow... 



4Q225 (4Q226) fr. 2 



I ... that so[ul] will be cut off... [he dwel]t in Haran for twenty [yea]rs (not 
seventeen as in Jub. XII, 12, 28). [And AJbraham [said] to God, 
'Behold, I am naked (childless) and It is Ell[ezer, the son] of my 
household, who will Inherit from me.' vacat 

[And the Lo]rd [said] to A[b]raham, 'Lift up (your eyes) and gaze at 
the stars and see and count the sand that is on the sea shore and the 
dust of the earth as to whether [they can be coun]ted. And Abraham 
belpeved in] G[o]d and this was reckoned for him as righteousness. 
And a son was bom af[ter]wards [to Abraha]m and he called his name 
Isaac. And ttie prince l\/la[s]temah came [to G]od and accused 
Abraham on account of Isaac. And [G]od said [to Abra]ham, Take 
your son, Isaac, [your] only (son) [whom] you [love] and offer him to me 
as a bumt-ofPering on one of the ... mountains [which I will tell] you.' And 
he ro[se and he we]n[t] from the wells to l\^o[unt IVIoriah] ... And 
Ab[raham] lifted up II his [ey]es [and behold ttiere was] a fire. And he 
placed [tfie wood on Isaac, his son, and they went togetfier]. And Isaac 
said to Abraham, [his father, 'Betiold there Is the fire and the wood, but 
where Is the lamb] for the burnt-offering?' And Abraham said to [Isaac, 
his son, 'God will provide a lamb] for himself.' Isaac said to his father, 
'T[le me well'] (Ps. J, N on xxii, 10) ... the holy angels.standing and 
weeping over [the altar] ... his sons from the earth. And the angels of 
M[astemah] ... were rejoicing and saying, 'Now he (Isaac) will be 
destroyed... [we shaii see] whether he wlil be found weak and whether 
A[braham] will be found unfaithful [to God.' And he (God) called,] 
'Abraham, Abraham.' And he said. 'Here am i.' And he said, 'N[ow I 
know that (it was a He that?)] he (Abraham) wiii no longer be loving.' 
And the Lord God blessed ls[aac all the days of his life (cf. 4Q226 7.3) 
and he begot] Jacob, and Jacob begot Levi (In the) [third (cf. 4Q226 
7.5)] genera[tlon. And all] the days of Abraham and Isaac and Jacob 
and Lev[l were ... years]. And the prince Ma[s]temah was bound [and 
the holy angels (cf. 4Q226 7.6)] ... the prince Ma[s]temah, and Belial 
listened to ... 



4Q226, fr. 7 



Abraham was found faithful to [G]o[d and] ... for pleasure. And the Lord 
blessed [Isaac all the days] of his life. And he begot J[acob and Jacob 
begot] Levi in the thi[rd] generation. [And all the days] of Abraham, 
Isaac and Ja[cob and Levi were... years]. And the holy angels... Fast 
here ... 



4Q227, fr. 2 



... [E]noch after they/we taught him... six jubilees of years... [e]arth 
towards the children of men. And he testified against all of them... and 
against the Watchers. And he wrote all the ... heaven and the ways of 
its host and the [mon]ths ... [th]at the ri[ghteous] may not stray... 



The Prayer of Enosh and Enoch 



(4Q369) 



Ten fragments, including three large ones, have survived of a 
manuscript written with Herodian characters, apparently recording 
prayers. There is no direct reference to the persons in whose mouths 
the words are placed, but the context seems to indicate that the first 
fragment is associated with Enosh, who according to Gen. iv, 26, was 
the first human to call on the name of the Lord. Since line 10 in fr. 1, 
col. 1 mentions Enoch, the editors have made a reasonable inference 
in attributing to him the prayer in fr. 1, col. 11. Fr. 2 alludes to a war 
against the lands without any context and frs. 3-9 contain nothing 
intelligible. 

For the editio princeps, see H. Attridge and J. Strugnell, DJD, XIII, 
353-62. 



Fr. I 



I ... all their fe[stiv]als in their ages... of Thy marvels, for from old times 
Thou hast ordered for them his judgement until the age of determined 
judgement through all everlasting commandments, vacat [Kenan was 
from the fourth generation and IVIehalalel] his [son] was the fifth 
generation. [ ... and Jared his son. And Jared his son was sixth 
generation and Enoch] his son. Enoch was seven[th] generation... 

II Thou hast imparted Thy name as his inheritance to make Thy 
name dwell there... She Qerusalem?) is the glory of the territory of Thy 
land and on her [Thou] ... Thine eyes on her and Thy glory shall be seen 



there for... to his seed for their generations an everiasting possession 
and al[l] ... Thy good judgements Thou hast purified him for... in 
everiasting iight and Thou hast established him fbr Thee as a first-bor 
[n] son... iii<e his, as a prince and ruierfor aii the territory of Thy iand... 
[the] c[rown] of the heavens and the glory of the clouds Thou hast set 
[on him] ... and the angel of Tliy peace in his congregation and... 
[given] him righteous rules like a father to his son... Thy soui ciings to 
his iove... for through them Thou [hast estabiished] Thy giory 



The Book of Enoch 



(4Q201-2, 204-12) 



Various Qumran caves have yielded for tlie first time tine originai 
Aramaic text of one of the major Pseudepigrapha, the Bool< of Enoch, 
which was previousiy l<nown from a complete Ethiopic translation and 
from a Greel< rendering of chapters i-XXXii and XCVii-Ci, CVi-CVii, as 
well as from a number of Greel< quotations from chapters Vi to xv 
transmitted by the Byzantine writer George Syncellus. Qumran Cave 4 
has yielded seven copies of the writing attested by but not strictly 
identical to, the Ethiopic, and four further copies of the related Book of 
Giants, dependent on chapter VI of Enoch, fragments of which have 
been discovered also in 1Q and 6Q. Palaeographically all of them are 
dated to between 200 BCE and the end of the pre-Christian era. The 
differences they display concern partly the structure of the worl<, e.g. 
the astronomical section is more developed in parts than the text from 
which the Ethiopic Enoch LXXII-LXXXII was made, while the Book of 
Parables (chaps. XXXVII-LXXI) with its Son of IVIan speculation is 
completely lacking at Qumran. There are also noticeable stylistic 
divergences which may be attributable more to the absence of a 
unified text of Enoch than to the work of the Ethiopic translator. 

The bulk of the fragments is too small for translation. It would be 
wholly meaningless to render into English the retranslation into 
Aramaic of the Ethiopic and/or Greek text supplied by their editor, J. T. 
Milik, who has conjecturally filled the many gaps in the Qumran 
manuscripts. The passages included in this volume are those which 
make sense in themselves. The first excerpt (4Q201) supplies the 
Aramaic names of the twenty chiefs of the fallen angels. The second 
(4Q204) relates the miraculous birth of Noah, which should be 
compared to the parallel accounts in the Genesis Apocryphon col. 11 
and in the fragments of the Book of Noah (1019, 4Q534). TTie third 



and fourth extracts (4Q206) testify to a recension noticeabiy different 
from the corresponding Ethiopic version. The fifth (4Q209), the 
Astronomicai Booi<, is - as has been noted - considerabiy ionger than 
the Ethiopic. As for the Book of Giants, it is missing ft-om the Ethiopic, 
though it circulated in Manichaean, Talmudic and medieval Jewish 
iiteraturie. 

For a preiiminary edition, see J. T. Miiil<, The Books 
oiEnochAramaic Fragments of Qumran Cave 4, Oxford, 1976. See 
aiso for 4Q201 2-8, 203 and 206 2-3, L. Stucl<enbrucl<, DJD, XXXVI, 
3-48. For 4Q208-9, see E. J. C. Tigchelaar and F Garcia Martinez, 
DJD, XXXVI, 95-171. For the Ethiopic, see M. A. Knibb with the 
assistance of Edward Uiiendorff, The Ethiopic Book of Enoch l-li, 
Oxford, 1 978. For a general introduction, cf. HJP III, 250-68. 



4Q201 1=En^ (1En. vi, 7-vii, 1) 



... And these are [the names of their chiefs]. Shemihazah wh[o was 
their head, Arataqojph (cf En'^), his second; Ramta[el, third] to him; 
Kol<abe [I, fourth to him;... el, fifjth to him; Ramae[l, sixth to him;] Daniel, 
seve[nth to him; Ziqiel (cf. En^''^), eigh]th to him; Baraqel, nin[th to him]; 
Asael, tenth [to him; Hermoni (En"^), elevenjth to him; Matarel, twelflth to 
him]; Ananel, thirteenth [to him); Stewel, [fbjurteenth to him; Shamshi[el, 
fif]teenth to him; Shahriel, [sjxteenth to him; Tummiel, seven[teenth to 
him]; Turiel, eighteenth to film; Yomiel, nine[teenth] to him; [Yehaddiel, 
twentieth to him.] These are the chiefs of the chiefs of tens. The[se and] 
their [ch]iefs [tool< for themselves] wives from all those whom they 
chose and [they began (En'^) to go in to them and defile themselves 
with them and to teach them sorcery and magic (En'^)] ... And they 
became pregnant by them and bo[re giants] ... 



4Q204=En<^ (1En. cvi, 19-cvii, 2) 



II 

... [And af]ter [these shall co]me a greater wicked[ness than that which 
will have been accomplished] in [their] d[ays. For] I know the mysteries 
[of the Lord which] the holy ones have explained and showed me and 
which I read [in] the heavenly [tablets]. And I saw written in them that 
one generation after another will do evil in this way and evil will last 
[until] generations of righteousness [arise] and evil and wickedness 
shall end and violence shall cease from the earth and un[til good shall 
come on the earth] on them, vacat And now, please go to your [son], 
Lamech, [and explain to him] that this child is his son in truth and 
without lie... 



4Q206 I xxii (lEn. xxii, 3-7) 

... [the soul] of all the sons of man. And behold, these are the pits for 
their prison. They were made thus until the day of their judgement, until 
the final day of the great judgement which will be imposed on them, 
vacat There I saw the spirit of a dead man complaining and his 
moaning rising to heaven and crying and complaining... 



4Q206 1 xxvi (1En. xxxii, 1-3) 

... [And beyond] those [mountains] roughly northwards, on their eastern 
side, I was shown other mountains, [full of] excellent [n]ard, and 
pepper-wort, and cinnamon, [and pe]pper. vacat And from there I was 
led [to the east of all those mountains, far from them, to the east of the 
earth and I was taken over the Red S[ea] and greatly distanced myself 
from it and crossed over the darkness far from it. And I passed to the 
Paradise of righteousness... 



The Astronomical Book of Enoch 4Q209 7 (of. 
1 En. Ixxiii, l-lxxiv, 90) 



...II ... [And it (the moon) shines in the remainder of this night with three 
seventh (parts); and it grows during this day to four sevenths and a half; 
and then it sets and enters (its gate) and is covered for the remainder] 
of this day to [two] sevenths and a half [And in the night of the twent]y 
fourth it is covered four sevenths and a half and [four sevenths and a 
half] are cut off from its light. [And th]en it comes out (from its gate) and 
shines in the remainder of this night two sevenths and a half. And it 
grows [in] this [d]ay five sevenths and then it sets and enters (its gate) 
and is covered for the remainder of this day [two] sev[enths. vacatAnd 
in the night, on the twenty-fifth, it is covered five sevenths, (and) five 
sevenths are cut off from its light. And then it comes out and shines for 
the remainder of this night two sevenths. And it grows inthis day to five 
sevenths and a half And then it sets [and] enters the second gate and 
is covered for the remainder of this day one seventh and a half, vacat 
And in the night of the twenty-sixth it is covered five sevenths and a half 
and five sevenths and a half are cutoff from its light. 

And then it comes out of the second gate and shines for the 
remainder of this night one seventh and a half. And it grows in this day 
six sevenths. And then it sets and enters and is covered for the 
remainder of this day one seventh, vacat And in the night of the 
[twe]nty-seventh it is covered six sevenths and [six] sev[enths] are cut 
off from its light. [And then it comes out and shines for the remain]der 
of this night one seventh. And it grows in this day [six sevenths and a 
half. And then it sets and enters] 

III [and shines in the night of the eightjh four [s]ev[enths]. And then it 
sets and enters. In this night the sun comple[tes] the passage through 
all the sections (?) of the first gate and recommences to go in and 
come out through its sections. [Arxl then the moon] sets and enters. 



And it darkens during the remainder of this night three sevenths. And it 
grows in this day four sevenths and [a half]. And then it comes out and 
dominates in the remainder of this day two sevenths and a h[al]f. vacat 
And it shines in the night of the ninth four [sevenths] and a lialf. And 
then it sets and enters. In this night the sun recommences to go through 
[its] section[s and to set] in them. And then [the mo]on sets and enters 
the fifth gate and darl<ens in the remainder of this night [two] sevenths 
and a half. Arxl it grows in th[is] day five [sevenths] and in it the ligh[t] 
equals five sevenths... equals in full. [And tfien It comes out] of the 
[f]if[th] gate... 



The Book of Giants 



(1Q23-4, 2Q26, 4Q203, 530-33, 6Q8) 



The Book of Giants is missing from the Ethiopia version of Enoch, but 
it circulated among the IVIanichaeans (W. B. Henning, 'The Bool< of 
Giants' , Bulletin of the School of Oriental and African Studies 11, 
1943-46, 52-74) as well as in Talmudic and medieval Jewish literature 
(bNid. 61a and IVIidrash Shemhazai and Azael), as has been 
convincingly shown by J. T. Milik in his learned book. The Books of 
Enoch: Aramaic Fragments of Qumran Cave 4(Oxford, 1976, 298- 
339). Some of the features resemble the Book of Daniel. 

For the editio princeps of 4Q530-33, see E. Puech, DJD, XXXI, 9- 
115. 



4Q530 



Frs. 2, 6-12 

II ... about the death of our soul. And all his colleagues entered and 
[0]hiyah explained them what Gilgamesh had told him and H[o]babis 
roared and 0]udgement was pronounced on him. And the guilty cursed 
the princes, but the giants rejoiced over him and he was curs[ed] again 
[and accep]ted it. Then two of them dreamed dreams and the sleep of 
their eyes fled from them... and they ro[se and op]ened their eyes and 
they went to [Shemihaza, their father. Then] he told a story in the 
congregation of [their co]lleagues, the Nephilin: ... I saw [a wonder] in 
my dream that night. [Behold a big garden was planted with all kinds of 
trees.] There were there gardeners and they were watering [ev]ery tree 
in [that] garden... Many [roo]ts grew out of their stock. [And out of one 
tree grew] three shoots. I was looking until tongues of fire [came down] 



from [heaven]. I was [looking] until the ... was covered with all the water 
and the fire devoured all [the trees] of the whole orchard. But it did not 
[devour the tree and its shoots on] the land whe[n it was destroyed] ... 
Here is the end of the dream... [And] the giants were unable to explain 
[the] dre[am]. [And he said...] You will give this [dr]eam [to Eno]ch, the 
interpreter scribe, that he might interpret to us the dream, vacat Then 
Ohiyah, his brother, answered and said before the giants, I, too, saw a 
wonder in my dream this night. Behold the Ruler of heaven descended 
to earth and thrones were set and the great Holy One sat. [Hundreds 
and hundred]s were ministering to Him. Thousands and thousands- 
stood b[e]fore Him. And behold, [boo]ks were opened and judgement 
was pronounced and the judgement... [was writ]ten arKi a signature 
was signed. And [the Great one reigns] over all ttie living and flesh and 
over [all those who rujie. Here is the end of the dream, vacat [And 
behold] all the giants were terrified [and] c[al]led IVIahawai and he 
came to the co[ng]regation of [the Nephilin{?)] And the giants sent him 
to Enoch... and said to him, Go [to him...] previously you listened to his 
voice and say to him that he should expl[ain to you the inter[pretation of 
the dreams arxJ that all should rest [wjith those who hunger strongly 
after it 



4Q531 

Fr.22 

...[I showed myself] mighty and by the power of my strong arm and by 
the vigour of my might [I rose against a]ll flesh and made war on them. 
But I ... not... [fi]nd ... to strengthen (me), for my adversaries, [the angels 
of heavejn dwell [in heavejn and they abide in the holy places and [I 
will] not... [for thejy are more powerful than I. vacat ... of wild beasts 
came and the country people cried... And Ohiyah spoke to him thus. 
IVly dream has depressed [me] and [the sljeep of my eyes [fled from 
me] for looking at ttie [vis]ion. Behold I know that I cannot sleep and 
cannot hasten for them... [Then Giljgamesh said. Your [drjeam... 



An Admonition Associated with the Flood 



(4Q370, 4Q185) 



4Q370 is a rewritten account of the Noah story based on Genesis vi-ix; 
two fragmentary columns have survived, only the first of which is 
suitable for translation. Palaeographically it is said to be late 
Hasmonaean, i.e. from the first half of the first century BCE, but the 
composition itself is pre-Qumran. Both the Tetragram and the divine 
name 'el are used. The badly damaged column 11 switches from 
narrative to ethics and exhortation. Part of it can be reconstructed with 
the help of 4Q1 85. 

For the editio princeps of 4Q370, see Carol A. Newsom, DJD, XIX, 
85-97. 



4Q370 (4Q185) 

I [And] He crowned the mountains with pro[duce] and poured food on 
them, and he satisfied every soul with good fruit. 'Whoever does my 
will, let him eat and be satisfied', says [the Lo]rd. 'And let them bless 
[my holy] name. But, behold, they have done what is wicl<ed in my 
eyes,' said the Lord. They rebelled (?) against God through their 
ac[tio]ns, and the Lord judged them according to all their ways, and 
according to the thoughts of the inclination of their [evil] hearts. And He 
thundered at them in [His] power, and all the foundations of the earth 
[tr]embled, [and the wa]ters burst forth from the abysses. All the 
windows of heaven opened, and all the abyss[es] overflowed [with] 
mighty waters. And the windows of heaven [emptied out] rain and He 
destroyed them by the Flood... Therefore everything [perished] on the 
dry land; and men, beasts, birds and winged creatures [died]. And the 



g[iant]s did not escape 

... And God made [a sign... and] set His bow [in the cloud] that He 
might remember the covenant... [that there might no more be on earth] 
waters of flood... and that the mass of waters [might not be let loo]se... 
II (combined with 4Q1 85) ... their wickedness when they know (how to 
distinguish) bet[ween good and evil... For behold], they sprout forth 
[like grass], but a shadow are their days o[n the earth. And now pray 
hearken to me, my people; heed me, O you Simple for from 
everlasting] to everlasting he will have mercy... the might of the Lord. 
Remember the mira[cles which he did in Egypt and his marvels in the 
land of Ham. Let your heart shake] because of fear of him, and [your] 
soul will rejoice according to his good graces... 



The Ages of the Creation 



(4Q180) 



A badly worn manuscript from Cave 4(4Q180) has been published 
under this title by J. M. Allegro. Its decipherment and interpretation 
have been further improved by J. Strugnell and J. T. IVIilik. The only 
section yielding coherent sense deals with the myth of the fallen angels 
and the daughters of men, which is based on Genesis vl, 1-4, and fully 
developed in 1 Enoch. If Milik's reconstruction is correct, the work 
presents human history as divided into seventy weeks of years (70 x 7 
years), the first ten of which cover the period from Noah to Abraham. 
The manuscript is claimed by Strugnell to belong to the first century 
CE. 

For the editio princeps, see J. M. Allegro and A. A. Anderson, DJD, 
V, 77-9; cf J. Strugnell, RQ7 (1970,) 252-4 ;J. T Milik, JJS23 (1972), 
110-24. 

Interpretation concerning the ages made by God, all the ages for the 
accomplishment [of all the events, past] and future. Before ever He 
created them, He determined the works of ... age by age. And it was 
engraved on [heavenly] tablets... the ages of their domination. This is 
the order of the cre[ation of man from Noah to Abraham, unjtil he begot 
Isaac; ten [weeks (of years)]. 

And the interpretation concerns Azazel and the angels who [came to 
the daughters of men; and] they bore to ttiem giants. And concerning 
Azazel ... and iniquity, and to cause them all to Inherit wickedness... 
judgements and judgement of the congregation. 



The Book of Noah 



(1Q19, 1Q19 bis, 4Q534-6, 6Q8,19) 



Several groups of small fragments from Qumran Caves 1 , 4 and 6 
appear to be the relics of a Book of Noah mentioned In Jubilees x, 1 3 
and xxl, 10 and reproduced In an abbreviated form In Aramaic In the 
Genesis Apocryphon 11ff. and In Enoch CVI (cf. J. T. Mlllk, DJD, I, 84- 
6; 152; DJD, III, 116-19, 136). 1Q19 and 19'^'= are remains of a 
Hebrew version; 6Q8 and 19 belong to an Aramaic Noah narrative. 

1Q19, 6Q8 and IQapGen deal with the miraculous birth of Noah, as 
does also 4Q534, which was originally understood by scholars as 
describing the birth of the Royal Messiah (cf p. 370 above). In 1Q19 fr 
1 the subject is the miserable state of mankind before the Flood; frs. 3 
and 13-14 (as well as 6Q8) allude to the birth of Noah, accompanied 
by miraculous signs. 

For the editio princeps of 4Q534-6, see E. Puech, DJD, XXXI, 1 1 7- 
70. 



1Q19,fr. 3 

... [to] his father. And when Lamech (Noah's father) saw the ... [the child 
made] the rooms of the house [shine] like the rays of the sun ... to 
frigfiten the ... 



Frs. 13-14 



... for the glory of your splendour ... for the glory of God... [will be] lifted 



in glorious majesty... wili be giorified amidst [the sons of li]eaven and .. 



4Q534 



i ... of his hand: his two l<n[ee]s. [And on his head] on his hair a birth- 
marl< of reddish colour And the shape of a lentil (will be) on [his face?], 
and small birthmarks on his thigh. [And after t]wo years he will know 
(how to distinguish) one thing from another in his heart. In his youth, he 
will be like... [like a m]an who knows nothing until the time when he 
knows the three Books. And then he will acquire prudence and learn 
und[erstanding] ... w[ise] seers come to him, to his knees. And with his 
father and his ancestors... of brothers will hurt him. Counsel and 
prudence will be with him, and he will know the secrets of man. His 
wisdom will reach all the peoples, and he will know the secrets of all 
the living. And all their designs against him will come to nothing, and 
(his) rule over all the living will be great. His designs [will succeed], for 
he is the Elect of God. His birth arxJ the breath of his spirit... and his 
designs shall be for ever... 



4Q536 (4Q534, fr. 7) 

... Blessed be every m[an who teaches his sons the doctrine of 
wisdom]. For he will not die in the days of wickedness. Woe to you, O 
fool, for your mouth will deceive you by ... (incurring) the death penalty 
Who will write these words of mine in a book that will not decay and 
keep this word of mine [in a scroll (?) which will not] fade away? 
Behold ... and the pleasure of the wicked will cease for ever... 



Words of the Archangel Michael 



(4Q529, 6Q23) 



In this poorly preserved Aramaic fragment the speaker, Michael, 
addresses the angels in general and the archangel Gabriel In line 4 
about a vision. The subject is unclear, but since he refers to the sons of 
Noah, Shem and Ham, and to the construction of a city filled with 
wickedness, it is possible that the author alludes to the building of the 
tower of Babel. If there are two mountains in each direction (east, west, 
north, south), the ninth indicated in the text must be special: Zion or 
Sinai? 

For the editio princeps, see E. Puech, DJD, XXXI, 1 -8. 



Fr. 1 



Words of the book which Michael addressed to the angels... He said: I 
found there divisions of fire ... [and I saw there] nine mountains: two to 
the eas[t, and two to the west, and two to the north and two to the 
so]uth. I saw there the angel Gabriel... like a vision. [Then] I showed 
him the vision. And he said to me: ... in the books of my Master, the 
Lord of the world, it is written: Behold, ... [between] the sons of Ham 
and the sons of Shem. And behold my Master, the Lord of the world... 
when they ... the tear from... And behold a city was built to the name of 
my Master, [the Lord of the world, and there] everything that is evil will 
be done before my Master, the Lor[d of the world] ... And my Master, 
the Lord of the world, will remember his creation... [and] my Master, the 
Lord of the world, [will be] merciful to him and to him... the man will be 
in the faraway province... he, and he will say to him: Behold this... for 
me silver and gold... And he will say: ... [and] the righteous man... 



The Testament of Levi (i) 



(4Q213-114, 1Q21) 



Among the numerous small fragments representing the Aramaic 
Testament of Levi from Cave 4, all dating to the mid-first century BCE, 
a damaged portion of two columns of 4Q213a contains parts of a 
prayer of Levi. As the best part of the same text survives also in Greel< 
in a manuscript from Mt Athos (Monastery of Koutloumous, Codex 39, 
dating to the eleventh century), it is possible to complete most of the 
missing sections of this prayer. Other small Aramaic fragments of the 
Testament of Levi, mentioning among other matters the 'kingdom of 
the high priesthood', are listed under 1Q21 (of. J. T Milik, DJD, I, 87- 
91). 

For the editio princeps, see M. E. Stone and J. C. Greenfield, DJD, 
XXII, 1 -71 . For the Testament of Levi in the Testaments of the Twelve 
Patriarchs, see HJPIII, 767-81 . 



4Q213a 



I [Then] I raised [my eyes and face] towards heaven [and opened my 
mouth and spoke. And I stretched out] the fingers of my hands and my 
hands... for truth towards the holy ones and I prayed and said, Lord, 
Thou [knowest every heart, and T|hou alone knowest all the thoughts of 
[the heart. And now my sons are with me. Give me all] the paths of 
truth, and distance [from me, O Lord, the evil spirit and the evil] 
inclination and fornication and repulse [pride from me. And give me 
counsel, and w]isdom and knowledge and might [so as to do that 
which pleases Thee] and find favour before Thee [and give thanks for 
Thy dealings with me, O Lord, in order to do] that which is splendid and 



good before Thee. [And let n]o adversary have dominion over me [to 
iead me astray from Thy way. And be merciful t]o me, O Lord, and 
draw me near that I may be Thy II [servant and minister well to Thee] ... 

[Thou], O Lord, [hast blessed Abraham my fether and Sarah my 
mother and Thou didst say that Thou wouldst give them] a righ[teous] 
seed [which would be blessed for ever. Listen therefore to] the prayer 
of [Thy] ser[vant Lejvi ... [to practise] righteous judgement for a[ii 
eternity] ... [And do not remove] the son of Thy servant from be[fore 
Thee] 

... Then I went along... to my father Jacob. And when... from Abei- 
Mayin. Then I lay down and dwelled ... 



4Q213 (completed from the Cairo Geniza) 

Fr.1 i 

... [And] I [instruct you, my sons, and I will show to you, my loved ones, 
the truth.] The chief of all your deeds shall be [truth, and it shall be with 
you for ever.] Righteousness and truth... you will bring in a blessed 
harvest. He who sows good will bring in good, and he who sows evil, 
his sowing will turn against him. And now teach your sons letters, 
doctrine and wisdom, and wisdom will be with you for everlasting 
honour. He who studies wisdom will be honoured, but he who despises 
wisdom will be turned into scorn and disdain. IVIy sons, lool< at Joseph, 
my brother, who has studied letters and wise doctrine for glory and 
greatness and for kings... Do not be remiss in the study of wisdom... 
Everyone who studies wisdom ... To every land and province to which 
he goes as a brother... and he is not like a stranger, nor as a ... all will 
grant him honour on its account because all wish to learn wisdom. 
Those wtK) love him are many and His well-wishers are great in 
number. They will make him sit on a throne of horxjurto hear his words 
of wisdom. Wisdom is great wealth of honour for those who know it, 
and a good treasure for those who buy it. If powerful kings come and a 
biq crowd [and horsemen and many chariots will be with them, they will 



carry away the wealth of a country and of a province, and plunder 
everything in them, they will not plunder the treasuries of wisdom, and 
will not find] ... 



4Q213b 

[The seven departed from me] and I woke up from my sleep. Then [I 
said, This is a vision and I am so amazed that I should have any 
vision.' 

And] I [concealed] this also in my heart [and disclosed it] to no man. 
And we went to my father, Isaac, and he too blessed me thus. Then 
Jacob, my father, tithed all that he had in conformity with his vow and I 
was the first at the head [of the priesthood] and to me, one of his sons, 
he gave a gift ... to God, and he clothed me with the garment of the 
priesthood and he ordained me, and I became a priest of the 
everlasting God... 



4Q214fr. 2 



[To sprink]le [blood on the walls of the altar And again wash your 
hands and] your [fjeet of [the blood and start offering the salted parts. 
Offer] fi[rst the head and cover it with the fa]t and let not [the blood of 
the sacrificed bull] be seen [on it. And afterwards] the [neck] and 
aften/vards the forelegs [and afterwards the breast with the sides, and 
afler]wards the thighs and the spine [of the loin. And after the thighs the 
washed hind legs] with the intestines. And they all [will be salted with 
salt as they should. And] after that fine flour is to be mixed with oil [and] 
after all this [pour out] wine [and burn incense over them and] your 
action should follow the ru[le]. 



4Q214a, fr. 1 



... These a[re \«hat he said to me to be fit for offering below the burnt 
offering] on the altar. And wh[en you have made an offering from these 
trees on the altar and the fire has started] to [be l<indled] ... 



Frs. 2-3 i 3-6 



[The fortieth year of my life she bore In the seventh/foujrth [month. And I 
was again with her and she conceived and bore me a daughte]r and I 
gave her the name of Jochebed. I sai[d, 'She is born to me for the 
honour of Israel.'] In the sixty-fourth year of my life she was born on the 
first (day) of the seventh [month]. 



4Q214b, frs. 2-6 

... s[p]lit [woo]d, [and first examine it for worms and the]n [offer it, for] 
thus did I see Abraham, [my father, taking care]. He s[ai]d to me [that 
any of the twel]ve (kinds of) trees [is fit for] offering on the altar, [the 
fragrance of whose smoke] goes up. And these are [their] names: [the 
cedar, the juni]per, the almond tree, [the fir, the pine, the ash,] the 
cypress, the the olive tree, the laurel, the myrtle and the ... These are 
(the trees) which he [said to me that they are fit to offer] below the burnt 
offerings [on the altar. And when you have offered any of] these [trees] 
on the altar [and the fire has started to burn them, then you will start to 
sprinkle the blood] on the walls of the altar. And again [you will wash 
your hands and feet of the blood and start to offer] the sa[lte]d [l]im[bs]. 
The he[ad] ... 



Testaments of the Patriarchs: the Testament of 
Levi or Testament of Jacob 



(4Q537 and 540-41) 



An Aramaic work of which numerous fragments are extant in Cave 4 
resembles the Testament of Levi from among the Testaments of the 
Twelve Patriarchs. The central figure is Levi, but the testament is 
probably that of his father, Jacob. Hence 4Q537 is referred to also as 
the Jacob Apocryphon. Palaeographically its proposed date is the end 
of the second century BCE. Both 4Q537 and 541 allude to an 
eschatological priestly figure (recalling the pseudepigraphic 
Testament of Levi XVII-XVIII) whose mission encounters opposition 
due to the wickedness of the men of his generation. 4Q537 probably 
represents Jacob's dream at Bethel. The three fragments of 4Q540 
are very truncated and provide no basis for meaningful translation. 

For the editio princeps, see E. Puech, DJD, XXXI, 171-90 and 225- 
56. 



4Q537 Fr. 12 



... and how will be the buildin[g] ... [and how will the prie]sts be dressed 
and [their hands] be purified, and how will [they] offer sacrifices on the 
altar, and ho[w on the wtK>]le earth will they always eat part of their 
sacrifices [and lx>w they shall drink the water] which will come out of 
the city under the walls... 



4Q541,fr. 9 



I... and he will pass on [to them (his sons) his w]isdom. He will atone for 
all the sons of his generation and will be sent to all the sons of his 
[peo]ple. His word is like a word of heaven, and his teaching is 
according to the will of God. His eternal sun will shine, and his fire will 
spring forth to all the ends of the earth, and will shine over darkness. 
The darkness will pass away [fr]om the earth, and deep darkness from 
the dry land. They will utter many words against him and many [ ... ]s. 
They will invent stories about him, and will utter everything 
dishonourable against him. Evil will overturn his generation [because... 
] will be, and because lies and violence will (fill) his existence, and the 
people will go astray in his days and will become perplexed. 



4Q541,fr. 24 ii 



... Do [n]ot mourn in sackcloth... and do not... redeemed whether they 
are hid[den] fault[s] or revealed faults and... Search and seek and 
know what is sought by the dove and do not smite one who is 
exhausted with consumption and troubles ... And you will make a 
joyous name for your father and a tried foundation for your brothers. 
And you will see and rejoice in the everlasting light and you will not be 
from among the enemies, vacat 



The Testament of Judah and Joseph 



(4Q538-9) 



Four small fragments of an Aramaic work (4Q538) were first 
recognized as belonging to the Testament of Judah by J. T Mlllk 
('Ecrlts preessenlens de Qumran: d'Henoch a Amram', In Qumran. Sa 
piete, sa theologie etson milieu, ed. M. Delcor (1976), 91-106). The 
script belongs to mid-flrst century BCE. The five fragments of the 
Testament of Joseph (4Q539) are too small for translation. However, 
the allusion to 'my uncle Ishmael' (fr. 3) whose children acquired 
Joseph as a slave, and to the minister of Pharaoh, Pentephres, the 
Greek form of Potlphar (fr 4), who bought Joseph from the 
Ishmaelltes, seem to confirm Mlllk's Identification of the document. 
For the editio princeps, see E. Puech, DJD, XXXI, 191-211. 



Frs. 1-2 



... if there is In their heart [an evil spirit] towards me (Joseph), vacat 
When I... and they came [to me,] they all [brou]ght to me the bags... and 
[theyfeii to the ground] before Joseph and revered [him]. He then knew 
that there was no evil [sp]lrlt [In their heart] and he could no longer., 
(suspect them) ... and he could no longer.. And he presented his 
brothers [with] a big [mea]l ... on my (Judah's) shoulder (literally: neck) 
and embraced me ... 



The Testament of Naphtali 



(4Q215) 



Two reasonably intact fragments, dating to ttie turn of ttie era, 
represent the Hebrew text of the Testament of Naphtali, with 
occasional similarities to the version which survives in Greek. Fr 1 
partly overlaps with TNaphtali 1, 9, 11-12, without being identical with 
it. Fr. 2 depicts the blessedness of the erxl of time and may belong to 
a separate sectarian document. 
For the editio phnceps, see IVI. E. Stone, DJD, XXII, 73-82. 



Fr. 1 



... with the sisters(?) of (or: with Ahiyot,) the father of Bilhah, ... 
Deborah, who suckled Reb[eccah] ... And he went into captivity and 
Laban sent out and rescued him and gave him Hannah, one of [his] 
maidservants. [And she conceived and bore] a first [daughter], Zilphah, 
and gave her the name Zilphah after the name of the town whe[re] he 
was taken into captivity She conceived and bore Bilhah, my mother, 
and Hannah called her name Bilhah, for when she was born, [she was 
in] a hurry to suck. And she said, 'What? Is my daughter in a hurry?' 
And she called her again Bilhah. vacafWhen my father Jacob came to 
Laban, fleeing from Esau, his brother, and after., the father of Bilhah 
my mother And Laban led Hannah, the mother of my mother and her 
two daughters, [and he gave one to Lea]h and one to Rachel. And 
when it came to pass that Rachel did not bear sons, ... [Jacojb my 
father, and he gave him Bilhah my mother and she bore Dan [my] 
brother... 



Narrative and Poetic Composition^ ^ (formerly 
'A Joseph Apocryphon') 

(4Q371-3) 



4Q371-3 form a very fragmentary Hebrew narrative relating to ttie 
period of ttie Patriarchs and looses. Palaeograpliically tliey are dated 
to tlie second iialf of the first century BCE. 4Q372 appears to be the 
relic of an anti-Samaritan polemical work, antedating tlie destruction of 
the Temple on Mount Gerizim under John Hyrcanus I (134-104 BCE). 
No sectarian features are apparent in this writing. It should be noted 
that ttie joint reference to the tribes of Levi, Judah arKi Benjamin (line 
14) is paralleled in 1QM 1,2. 4Q373, parallel to 2Q22, describes the 
battle between a Jewish hero, possibly Moses, and the giant Og, i<ing 
of Bashan (cf Num. xxi, 21 — 35). TTie model of the story is tfie duel 
between David and Goliath. 

For the editio phnceps, see Eileen Schuller and M. Bernstein, DJD, 
XXVIII, 155-204. 



4Q372, fr. 1 (40371-2) 

... and the pagan priests and the worshippers of [idols] ... the Most 
High and He handed them over to the nations ... [and He dispersed] 
them in all the iands and among aii [the nations] and He disseminated 
them ... and they did not come ... Israei. And He destroyed them from 
the land ... and the nations did not leave for them a tent-peg standing in 
the Valley of Vision ... [and they turned] Jerusaiem into ruins and the 
Mountain of my God into high places of fore[st] ... the precepts of God. 
Judah was also with him and he stood at the crossroads to ... to be 



together with his two brothers. And for all this, Joseph was thrown to 
un[known] lands, to a strange nation and they (the rxjrthem Israelites) 
were dispersed in the whole world. All their mountains were deserted 
without them ... and fools resided in their land. They made for 
themselves a high place on an elevated mountain to excite the jealousy 
of Israel. They spoke wor[ds of ... ] of the sons of Jacob and caused 
disgust with the words of their mouth, blaspheming against the Tent of 
Zion. They spoke [words of falsehood and all the] words of lies to 
enrage Levi, Judah and Benjamin by their words. And for all this, 
Joseph [was put] into the hands of strangers to consume his strength 
and break all his bones until the time of his end. And he cried ... and 
called on the mighty God that He should save him from their hands. He 
said, 'IVIy Father and my God, do not abandon me to the hands of the 
nations. Execute judgement for me so that the humble and the poor 
may not perish. Ttiou hast no need of any nation or people to help 
Thee. [Thy] fing[er] is greater and more powerful than anything in the 
world. For Thou optest for the truth, and in Thy hand there is no 
violence whatever. Also Thy mercies are many and Thy loving- 
kindness is great for all those who seek Thee. [They took] my land from 
me and from all my brothers who have joined me. A nation of enemies 
resides on it ... and they opened their mouth with anger against all the 
sons of Jacob, Thy friend, ... at the time when Thou wilt destroy them 
from the whole worid and they will give ... I wiii rise to enact judgement 
and righ[teousness] ... [to do] the will of my Creator and to offer 
sacrifices ... my God. I will proclaim [Thy] merci[es] ... I wiii praise Thee, 
O Lord, my God, and I wiii bl[e]ss Thee ... the first things and to teach 
Thy precepts to the sinners, and to all who have forsaken [Thy] Law.... 
and evil so that Thy testimonies will not rebuke me and to proclaim 
[Thy] righteousness ... For Thou art a great, holy mighty, powerful, 
awe-inspiring and wonderful God ... [the heaven] and the earth and 
even in the depth of the ocean majesty and ... I know and I have 
understood and 



Fr. 3 



a heart teaching understanding, a mouth [procla]iming 
judgement. 

For my words are [sweeter] than honey and surpass wine. 
[My] tongu[e] is truth arxJ all the words of my mouth are 
righteousness. 

Tlieir testimonies shall rxjt destroy and their portions shall not 
perish. 

For ail of them ... 

The Lord has opened my mouth 

and the words of my tongue are from Him 

and they speal< to me to proclaim ... 

... His mercies. 

He will not give His precepts to another nation, 
nor will He crown every stranger, 
for ... [beflween them 

(the covenant) which He made with Jacob, 

that they should be His people for all eternity. 

... [visiting] destruction [on IJsraei 

to exterminate them by the hand of the nations. 

All the plagues in the inheritan[ce of] ... 

and He will seel< their blood from their hands. 

See what He did to Midian, 

... one - he was Zimri the son of Salu (Num. xxv, 14) — 

and the five kings of Midian were killed ... 



4Q373, (2022 i 1^; 4Q373, fr. 19 1^) 

... all his servants. Og ... 

His height was ... cubits and a half and two [cubits was his width ...] 
the spear like a cedar tree ... the shield like a tower ... Sweet footed ... 
seven stadia distant. He did not stand ... And I did not repeat for the 
Lord, our God, smashed him and with [the sword] ... and I made slings 
to wound ... for war to take strongholds and to shock ... 



The Testament of Qahat 



(4Q542) 



The Testament of Qahat is an Aramaic worl< of which two columns, 
one complete and one damaged, have survived. It is a typical example 
of moralizing death-bed literature, similar to the Testaments of the 
Twelve Patriarchs, but characterized, lil<e the Testaments of Levi and 
Amram, by its priestly perspective. The script has been 
palaeographically dated to the end of the second century BCE, but the 
carbon 14 test, performed in 1990, places it considerably earlier, 
possibly to 388—353 BCE, or more probably to 303—235 BCE. It is 
not a sectarian composition. Only the undamaged part of the text is 
translated here. 

Two further small fragments have survived without providing anything 
continuous and meaningful. Fr. 2 alludes to darkness and light, and fr. 
3 mentions precious stones extant in large numbers apparently on 
account of zenuta (fornication, whoredom). 

For the editio princeps, see E. Puech, D JD, XXXI, 257—82. 

... I and the God of gods for all eternity. And He will shine light on you 
and will let you know His great Name. And you will know Him, that He 
is the God of eternity, and the Lord of all the deeds, and the Ruler of all, 
dealing with them according to His good pleasure. And He will make 
for you rejoicing and for your sons joy for the generations of truth, for 
ever. Now, my sons, be careful with the heritage that is handed over to 
you, which your fathers have given you. Do not give your heritage to 
strangers, and your inheritance to knaves so that you become 
humiliated and foolish In their eyes and they despise you, for, although 
sojourners among you, they will be your chiefs. So hold to the word of 
Jacob, your father, and seize the laws of Abraham and the 
righteousness of Levi and mine. And be holy and pure of all fornication 



in the community. And hold the truth and walk straight, and not with a 
double heart, but with a pure heart and a true and good spirit. And you 
will give me a good name among you, and a rejoicing to Levi, and joy 
to Jacob, delight to Isaac, and glory to Abraham, because you will 
keep and walk (in) the tierit[age] which your fathers will have left you: 
truth arxJ righteousness and uprightness and perfection and pur[ity and 
hojiiness and the priesthood according to all tfiat you have been 
commanded (?), and according to all that II I will have taught you in truth 
from now until all [ttie age] ... every word of truth will come upon yo[u ...] 
eternal blessing will reside on you and will be [come for you] ... stay for 
all the eternal generations and will no more ... from your correction and 
you will establish yourselves to pronounce judgement ov[er ... ] and to 
see the faults of all the sinners of the ages ... [to be cast] Into the fire 
and the oceans and into all the cavities for ... in the generations of truth. 
And all the sons of wickedne[ss ... ] And now Amram, my son, [I] 
instruct you ... and your sons to their sons. I instruct [you ... ] and they 
have given to Levi my father, and Levi my father g[ave (Ifthem)] to me 
... all my books in testimony that through them you should beware ... 
[and that there should be] for you through them much merit wtien you 
walk in conformity with them, vacat 



The Testament of Amram 



(4Q543-9) 



An Aramaic document surviving in five or six (?) fragmentary copies 
from Cave 4 contains an admonition by Amram, ttie fattier of Moses, to 
tiis ctiiidren. Ttie context is ttiat of ttie Bool< of Exodus, but the visions 
and teachings are the author's free compositions. Amram's age at his 
death (137 years) is borrowed from Exod. vi, 20, but its dating to the 
1 52nd year of the captivity reflects the tradition according to which the 
Israelites remained in Egypt, not for 430 years (Exod. xil, 40), rK)r400 
years (Gen. xv, 13), but210 years. Cf. J. Heinemann, 
'210 Years of Egyptian Exile', JJS 22 (1971), 19—30. The dating of 
the script varies between the second half of the second century BCE 
(4Q543, 544, 547), the first half of the first century BCE (4Q545, 546) 
and the second half of the first century BCE (4Q548, 549). 

In the gravely damaged text of a vision, Amram sees the chief Angel 
of Darkness, Melkiresha', already mentioned (pp. 394 — 5). He also 
addresses the leader of the Army of Light, whose name has 
disappeared in one of the many lacunae. But is is highly probable that 
one of his 'three names' is Melchizedek (see pp. 532 — 4). 

For the editio princeps, see E. Puech, DJD, XXXI, 283^05. 



4Q543, fr. 1 (4Q545, 546) 

I Copy of the book of the words of the vision of Amram, son of Kehat, 
son of Levi, al[1 that] he explained to his sons and enjoined on them on 
the day of [his] death, in his one-hundred-and-thirty-seventh year, which 
was the year of his death, [in] the one-hundred-and-fifty-second year of 
Israel's exile in Egypt ... to call Uzziei, his youngest brother, and he 



ma[rriecl] to him Miriam, [his] daughter, and said (to her), 'You are thirty 
years old.' And he gave a banquet lasting seven days. And he ate and 
drank and made merry during the banquet. Then, when the days of the 
banquet were completed, he sent to call Aaron, his son, and he was 
about twenty years old and said to him, 'Call, my son, the messengers, 
your brothers from the house of 



4Q544, fr. 1 (4Q543, 545—7) 

Qahat (went) there to stay and dwell and build ... many of the sons of 
my uncle together ... a man as our work was very great until the dead 
would be buried, vacat In the year of my beginning, when the news of a 
war became worrying, with my consent our company returned to the 
land of Egypt and I went to bury them and they did not build the tombs 
of our fathers. And my father Qahat and my wife Jochebed left me to 
stand and build and provide them with all their needs from the land of 
Canaan. And we stayed in Hebron while we were building, vacat A war 
broke out between the Philistines and the Egyptians and the 
Philistines and Canaanites defeated the Egyptians and they closed 
the fr[ontiers] of Egypt. And it was impossible [for Jochebed, my wife, 
to go from Egypt to Canaan] for forty-one years. And we could not 
return to Egypt. Therefore [we could] not ... [the war] between Egypt 
and Canaan and the Philistines. And during all this, [Jochebed] my 
wi[fe, was away from me in the land of Egypt ... my post ... for] she was 
[not] with me. And I did [not] take ano[ther] wife, vacat Women... all, 
that I would return to Egypt in peace and would see the face of my wife. 
[I saw Watchers] in my vision, a dream vision vacaf And behold two (of 
them) argued about me and said ... and they were engaged in a great 
quarrel concerning me. I asked them: 'You, what are you ... thus ... 
[about me?'] They answered and [said to me: 'We tiave been made 
m]asters and rule over all the sons of men.' And they said to me: 
'Which of us do you [choose ...'] 

I raised my eyes and saw one of them. His looks were frightening 
[like Uiose of a vi]per, and his [ga]rm[en]ts were multi-coloured and he 



was extremely dark ... 

And afterwards I looked and behold ... by his appeararx^ and his 
face was like that of an adder, and he was covered with ... together, 
and over his eyes ... 

Fr.2 

... this [Watcher]: 'Who is he?' He said to me: 'This Wa[tcher] ... [and 
his three names are Belial, Prince of Darkness] and Meli<iresha'.' 
vacaf And I said: 'IVIy Lord, what mOe] [And he said to me] ... [and all 
his paths are dark]ness, and all his work is darkness, and he is ... in 
darkness ... you see. And he rules over all darkness ... and I rule over 
all light and al[1]... 



4Q545 (4Q543a, 546d) 

Fr. ia i 

I Cop[y of the writing of the words of visiojn of Amram, son of Qahat, 
son of Levi, al[1] that [he has explained to his] sons ... on the day of 
[his] death in the year one hundred and thirty-six - this is the year of his 
death - in the year one hundred and fifty-two of the exile of [l]sraei in 
Egypt Also it came to him ... and call Uzziei, his younger brother, [and 
gav]e him Mir[i]am, his thirty-year-old daughter for wife. He made her 
wedding feast last seven [day]s and he ate and drank at her wedding 
feast and rejoiced. Then, when the [d]ays of the wedding feast came to 
an end, he sent out to call Aaron, his about t[wenty]-year-old son, [and 
said] to him, 'iVIy son, call to me the messengers, your brothers, from 
the house of 



Fr.4 



VI ... atxl I will explain to you your name[s] ... [that] he wrote for Moses. 
And also about A[aron] ... I will explain to you the mystery of his 
worshipping. He is a holy priest [to the Most High God. Also] all his 
seed will be holy in all the generations of 8[t8rnity] ... The seventh of the 
men of (God's) good will [he will be] called and he will be said ... and 
will be chosen as a priest for ever ... vacat 



4Q548 



... I an[nou]nce to you [the] firm [pat]h. I will indeed inform y[ou ... For all 
the Sons of Light] will shine, [and all the Sons] of Darkness will be 
dark. [For all the Sons of Light] ... and by all their knowledge they will ... 
and the Sons of Darkness will be ... And the Sons of Darkness will be 
removed ... For every fooi and wick[ed will be dar]k and every [sag]e 
and upright will shine. [For all the Sons of Light will g]o to the light, to ... 
and all the Sons of Dar[kness go towards death] and perdition ... The 
people shall have brightness ... and they will explain to th[em] ... 



The Words of Moses 



(1Q22) 



Fragments of four very mutilated columns of a manuscript from Cave I 
have been skilfully reconstructed by J. T. Milil<. They form a farewell 
discourse of IVIoses which takes its inspiration from various passages 
of Deuteronomy and is chiefly remarkable for the emphasis laid on the 
appointment of special teachers, or interpreters, of the Law (Levites 
and Priests). The last two columns are so mutilated as to be 
untranslatable. Another document, consisting of two insignificant 
fragments, tentatively entitled 'A Moses Apocryphon' (2Q21) and 
including a prayer attributed to Moses, has been published by J. T. 
Milik (DJD, III, 79-81). 
For the editio princeps, see J.T. Milik, DYD, 1, 91 — 7. 

I [God spoke] to Moses in the [fortieth] year after [the children of] Israel 
had come [out of the land of] Egypt, in the eleventh month, on the first 
day of the month, saying: 

'[Gather together] all the congregation and go up to [Mount Nebo] 
and stand [there], you and Eleazar son of Aaron. Inter[pret to the 
heads] of family of the Levites and to all the [Priests], and proclaim to 
the children of Israel the words of the law which I proclaimed [to you] on 
Mount Sinai. Proclaim care[fully] into their ears all that I [require] of 
them. And [call] heaven and [earth to witness against] them; for they will 
not love what I have commanded [them to do], neither [they] nor their 
children, [during all] the days they shall [live upon the earth]. 

[For] I say that they will abandon [Me, and will choose the 
abominations of the nations,] their horrors [and their idols. They will 
serve] false gods which shall be for them a snare and a pit^ll. [They 
will sin against the] holy [da^], and against the Sabbath and the 
Covenant, [and against the commandments] which I command you to 



keep this day. 

[Therefore I will smite] them with a mighty [blow] in the midst of the 
land [which tliey] cross the Jordan [to possess]. And when all the 
curses come upon them and catch up with them to destroy ttiem and 
[blot] them out, then shall they know that the truth has been [fulfilled] with 
regard to them.' 

Then looses called Eleazar son of [Aaron] and Joshua [son of Nun 
and said to them,] 'Speak [all these words to the people] ... 

[Be still,] II O Israel, and hear! This [day shall you become the 
people] of God, your [God. You shall keep IVIy laws] and IVIy 
testimonies [and IVIy commandments which 0 command you to [keep 
this] day [And when you] cross the [Jordan so that I may give] you 
great [and good cities], and houses filled with all [pleasant things, and 
vines and olives] which [you have not planted, and] wells which you 
have not dug, [beware,] when you have eaten and are full, that your 
hearts be not lifted up, and that [you do not forget what I have 
commanded you to do this day. For] it is this that will bring you life and 
length of [days].' 

And Moses [spoke to the children] of Israel [and said to them]: 

'[Behold,] forty [years have passed since] the day we came out of 
the land [of Egypt, and today has God], our God, [uttered these words] 
from out of His mouth: [all] His [precepts and] all [His] precepts. 

'[But how shall I carry] your loads [and burdens and disputes alone]? 
When I have [established] the Covenant and commanded [the way] in 
which you shall walk, [appoint wise men whose] work it shall be to 
expound [to you and your children] all these words of the Law. [Watch 
carefully] for your own sakes [that you keep them, lest] the wrath [of 
your God] kindle and burn against you, and He stop the heavens above 
from shedding rain [upon you], and [the water beneath the earth from] 
giving you [harvest].' 

And IVIoses [spoke further] to the children of Israel. 'Behold the 
commandments [which God has] commanded you to keep ...' 



Sermon on the Exodus and the Conquest of 
Canaan 



(4Q374) 



Only one of the sixteen surviving fragments of a writing, 
palaeographically dated to the last third of the first century BCE, which 
deals with the exodus from Egypt and the occupation of Canaan, is 
large enough to provide an intelligible account. The speaker remains 
anonymous but may conceivably be Joshua. 

For the editio princeps, see Carol Newsom, DJD, XIX, 99 — 1 1 0. 



Fr. 2 

II ... And the nations rose up in anger ... in their actions and in the 
uncleanness of the deeds of ... and there was no remnant for [them] 
and none who escaped and for their posterity ... 

And he made a plantation for u[s] his elect in the land that is the 
most desirable of all the lands ... And he made him as a god over the 
mighty and as a cause of dread for Pharaoh ... they melted and their 
heart trembled and their entrails dissolved. And he had mercy ... And 
when he made his face shine on them for healing, they strengthened 
[their] heart once more and krwwiedge ... None having known you, they 
melted and trembled ... 



A Moses Apocryphon^ 



(4Q375) 



In a style Imitating the Pentateuch, and recalling the Sayings of Moses 
from Cave 1 (1Q22), 4Q375, fr. 1, col. I lays down Instructions 
regarding the treatment of a person who claims to be a prophet. 
Should he exhort people to commit apostasy, he Is to be executed. 
However, his tribe may come to his rescue and lodge an appeal with 
the anointed priest In the city of the sanctuary. The very damaged col. 
11 contains a sacrificial ritual employing the terminology of the Day of 
Atonement from Lev xvi. The script Is early Herodlan, I.e. late first 
century BCE. 

For the editio princeps,see John Strugnell, DJD, XIX, 1 1 1 — 19. 



Fr. 1 



I ... [You will do all that] your God has commanded you from the mouth 
of the prophet. You will keep [all] these [pre]cepts and you will return to 
the Lord your God with all [your heart and al]1 your soul. And your God 
will desist from the wrath of his great anger [to save you] from your 
misery. And the prophet who will arise and speak defection in your 
midst, turning you away from your God, shall be put to death. But if the 
tribe from which he originates stands up (for him) and says, 'Let him 
not be put to death, for he is righteous; he Is a [trusjtworthy prophet', 
you, your elders and your judges will come with that tribe [t]o the place 
which your God will choose within one of your tribes (to appear) before 
[the] anointed priest on whose head the oil of anointing has been 
poured. 



A Moses Apocryphon 



(4Q376, 1Q29) 



This mid-first-century BCE text, which partly overlaps with 1Q29, is a 
reworking of Exod. xxviii, 9 — 12, dealing with the two engraved stones 
set in the shoulder pieces of the high priest's liturgical garment (the 
ephod). Another fragment introduces the secular head of the 
community, the 'Prince of the whole congregation' (cf. 1QM v,1 ; CD VII, 
20, etc.) in his military role, confronting the enemies of Israel or 
attacking one of theirtowns. 
For the editio princeps, see John Strugnell, DJD, XIX, 1 21 — 36. 



Fr. 1 



II they shall shed light on you. And he shall go out with it with tongues of 
fire. The left-hand stone on his leftside will straw itself to the eyes of all 
the assembly urrtil the priest has completed his speech. And 
aflen«ards the ... has gone up ... And you shall keep and d[o al]1 [that] 
he shall speak to you. And the prophe[t] ... 
... preaches rebellion ... 

Ill according to all this judgement. And if the Prince of the whole 
congregation shall be in the camp and ... his enemy and Israel is with 
him, or if they go against a city to besiege it or any matter which ... to 
the Prince ... the distant field ... 



A Moses Apocryphon' 



(4Q408) 



One medium-sized and sixteen small fragments represent a collection 
of liturgicai prayers of which only one can be partly translated. The 
document is akin to 4Q375 and 376 as well as to 1Q29. 
Palaeographically the document is placed in the late second century 
BCE. 

For the editio princeps, see Annette Steudel, DJD, XXXVI, 298- 
319. 



Fr. 3 + 3a 



... [Bljessed art Thou, O Lord, who art righteous in all Thy ways. Be 
mighty in strength ... [in Thy judge]ments. Thou who art faithful ... Thou 
art understanding [with all in]telligence ... might. Thou who art 
... to bring out ... who hast created the morning as a sign to reveal the 
dominion of the light as ttie boundary of the daytime ... for their work. 
To bless Thy holy name Thou hast created them. For the light is good 
... [Thou art ...] wtK) fiast created the evening as a sign to reveal the 
dominion [of darkness] ... from labour. Thou hast [c]reated them to 
bless Thy holy name when they see that the light is good and when ... 
Thou hast created the evening as a sign (to mark) the appeararK« of 
the dominion of [darkness] ... 



Apocryphal Pentateuch B (formerly 'A Moses 
Apocryphon*^') 

(4Q377) 



This is part of an apocryphal accxjunt of the story of the Israelites at 
Sinai and in the wilderness. Fragment 2 ii introduces an elder called 
Elibah, who curses the Jews who fail to observe the Law mediated by 
Moses during the latter's stay with God on the mountain. 

For the editio phnceps, see J. VanderKam and IVI. Brady, DJD, 
XXVIII, 205—17. 



Fr. 2 ii 



II ... they will understand the precepts of Moses. And Elibah answered 
and said: Hearken, congregation of the Lord, and listen, all the 
assembly! ... Cursed be the man who does not stand by, l<eep and 
practise] all the comman[dments of the L]ord (issued) by the mouth of 
Moses, His anointed, and follow the Lord, the God of our fathers. He 
who commanded us from the mountain of Sinai. And He spoke to the 
people of Israel face to face as a man speaks to his friend ... He made 
us look at a consuming fire from under the heaven. And on the earth. 
He stood on the mountain to make it known that there is no god beside 
Him and no rock like Him. [And all] the assembly ... and trembling 
seized them because of the glory of God and the marvellous voices ... 
and they stood at a distance. And Moses the man of God (was) with 
God in the cloud and the cloud covered him. For ... when he was 
hallowed and out of His mouth he spoke like an angel. For who is a 



messenger like him? ... a man of grace wlio were not created from 
everlasting to everlasting ... 



A Moses (or David) Apocryphon 



(4Q373, 2Q22) 



Three small Cave 4 fragments which partly overlap with 2Q22 
published by M. Baillet (DJD, III, 81 — 2) represent a historical narrative 
of an unnamed speaker in the first person, and with the single actual 
name of Og, king of Bashan (cf. Num. xxi, 33 — 5; Deut. ill, 4 — 5, 11). 
Baillet and the editor of 4Q373, Eileen Schuller, wonder whether the 
narrator is David and the subject is his fight with Goliath, a theory 
based on a few verbal similarities to 1 Samuel xvii, which cannot, 
however, easily account for the mention of Og, apart from his height 
(see Deut. ill, 1 1) which was comparable to that of the giant Goliath (cf 
1 Sam. xvii, 4). S. Talmon, on the other hand, has argued that the topic 
of the fragment is more likely to be the defeat of Og by Moses, richly 
elaborated by Targum, Midrash and Talmud (cf. L. Ginzberg, The 
Legends of the Jewel, 160; III, 340—47; V, n. 181; VI, 667-8, 684— 
700). On the whole, the second alternative seems slightly preferable. 

For the editio princeps, see E. Schuller and M. Bernstein, DJD, 
XXVIII, 199—204. 



4Q373 1-2(2022) 

... all his servants Og ... his height was ... and a half cubits and two 
[cubits were his breadth ... ] a spear like a cedar tree ... a shield like a 
tower The nimble-footed ... he who removed them seven stadia. [I] did 
not stand ... and I did not change. The Lord our God broke him. I 
prepared wounding slings together with bows and not ... for war to 
conquer fortified cities and to rout ... 



Prophecy of Joshua 



(4Q522, 5Q9) 



Two mutilated columns, as well as several further small fragments, of a 
narrative appear to describe the future conquest and/or division of the 
Holy Land. It appears to be related to the extremely fragmentary 5Q9, 
published by J. T. Milik in DJD, 111, 179 — 80, which mentions the name 
of Joshua. Col. 1 of 4Q522 consists of a list of localities, of which a 
number appear in Joshua xv — xxi (e.g. Beer Sheba, Bealoth, Keilah, 
Adullam, etc.) and Judges i (Ashkelon, Kitron). Col. 11 predicts the 
conquest of Zion by David and the building of the Temple. In col. 11,4 
and 7 God is referred to in the third person, but in lines 9 — 10 he 
seems to be the speaker. 

For the editio princeps of 4Q522, see E. Puech, DJD, XXV, 39— 
74. 



Fr. 9 



II ... For behold a son is born to Jesse, son of Perez, son of Ju[dah] ... 
[He is to take] the Rock of Zion and from there he is to possess the 
Amorites ... to buiid a house for the Lord, the God of Israel. Gold and 
silver ... cedars and cypress trees will he br[ing from] Lebanon to build 
it. And the sons of ... and David. The Lor[d] will make (him) dweii in 
security ... fThe Lord of h]eaven will reside with him [for] ever. But now 
the Amorites are there and the Canaan[ites] ... inhabitant whom I 
consider guilty, whom I have not sought ... from you. And the Shilonite 
and the ... I have made him a slave ... And now ... to a distance from ... 
Eleazar ... 



A Joshua Apocryphon (i) or Psalms of Joshua 



(4Q378— 9) 



Usually designated by the misnomer 'Psalms of Joshua', this badly 
mutilated composition represents a rewritten account of the story of 
Joshua. 4Q378, written in Herodlan formal script, consists of twenty- 
seven mostly tiny fragments, while the late Hasmonaean 4Q379 
comprises forty-one. The majority of the fragments are too small for 
meaningful translation. According to Carol Newsom, the overall form of 
the composition Is a farewell speech by Joshua. It contains 
admonitions, curses and prayers (e.g. 'prayer for our sins', 4Q378 6 1, 
1 .4, a prayer listing the twelve tribes of Israel — Levi, Reuben, Gad, and 
Dan are legible, 4Q379 1), songs ('songs of praise', 4Q379 22 ii, 7, 
and a praise mentioning Abraham, Isaac, Jacob, Moses, Eleazar and 
Ithamar, 4Q379 17). The biblical text used recalls the Septuagint and 
the Samaritan Pentateuch. The numbering of the fragments appears to 
be arbitrary, as it does not correspond to the sequence of the biblical 
story. 4Q379 22 II Is quoted in4QTestimonia (4Q175). 
For the editio princeps, see Carol Newsom, DJD, XXII, 241 — 99. 



4Q378 14 



... And Uie children [of Israel] wept [for Moses in the plains of Moab 
(Deut. xxxlv, 8) by ttie Jordan at] Jericho at Bethjeshimoth [as far as 
Abel-shlttim (Num. xxxiii, 48 — 9) for thirty days and (then) the days of 
weeping and] mourning for Moses were ended (Deut. xxxlv, 8). And the 
children of Israel ... [the covenant wh]lch the Lord made for ... 
... Thy [dr]ead and fear ... 



4Q378 II 



... for the Lord yo[ur God] ... [to es]tablish his words which he spol<e ... 
[the oath] which he swore to Abraham to give [him] a good and broad 
[land], a land of brool<s of water, [of fountains and springs, flowing forth 
in val]leys and hills, a land of wheat and barley, [of vines and fig trees 
and pomegranates, a land of olive trees and] honey (Deut. viii, 7 — 8). 
For [this is] a land flowing with milk and honey; ( ... a land] who[se 
sto]nes are iron and out of whose hi[ll]s [you can dig] copper (Deut. viii, 
9)... 



4Q378 22 I 



... Moses, O my God. And he did not annihilate them because of their 
sins ...thy people by the hand of Joshua, ministerof thy servant Moses 
thy ... by the hand of Moses(?) to Joshua for the sake of thy people ... 
[the covenant] which thou hast made with Abraham ... 
... loving-kindness to thousands 



4Q379 12 



... they [or]ossed (the Jordan) on dry grounds (cf. Josh, iv, 22) in [the 
fi]rst month of the forty-ftirst] year of their exodus from tfie lan[d] of 
Egypt (cf. Josh, iv, 19). That was a jubilee year at the beginning of their 
entry into the land of Canaan. And the Jordan overflows its banks from 
the f[our]th (?) month until the wheat harvest ... 



4Q379 22 ii (combined with 4Q175, lines 21-30) 



Blessed be the Lord, the God of l[srael] ... 

When Josh[ua] fini[sh]ed off[ering prai]se in [his] thanl<sgivings, [he 
said]: C[ursed be the m]an who rebui[1]ds [this citjy! [IVlay he lay its 
foundations] on [his] first-born, and [s]et its gate on [his y]oungest son 
(Josh, vi, 26). Behold, an [accur]sed [man of Belial] [has risen] to 
be[com]e a fowler's net to his people and a cause of destruction to all 
his neighbour[s]. And [his brother] arose [and ruled in li]es, both of 
them being instruments of violence. They have rebuilt [th]is [city] and 
have set up for it a wall and towers to make it a stronghold of 
ungodliness in Israel and a horror in Ephraim and in Judah and a great 
evil among the children of Jacob. [And they have com]mitted an 
abomination in the land and a great blasphemy and sh[ed blood] like 
wa[ters on the ramparts of the daughter] of Zion and in the precincts of 
Jerusalem ... 



A Joshua Apocryphon (ii) (Masada 1039 — 211) 



Two fragments detached from an apocryphal account of the end of the 
Book of Joshua are thought by their editor, S. Talmon, to have 
originated at Qumran. The composition belongs to the genre of 
'rewritten Bible' and testifies to a freedom in retelling scriptural stories. 
The handwriting places the manuscript towards the turn of the era. 

For a preliminary edition, see Shemaryahu Talmon, 'Fragments of a 
Joshua Apocryphon— Masada 1039—211 (final photo 5254)', JJS 47 
(1996), 128—39. 



Fr. A 



... they were afraid ... [they were praising] the name of tfie N/lost High 
for they saw th[at ... God] was fighting for His people against their 
enemies [and they were not afraid ... ] because of them for God was 
with them and blessed them and sa[\/e]d them. [And whatever] he said 
about them happened to them and no word [fe]ll to the ground, and He 
multiplied their [seed greatly]. 



The Samuel Apocryphon 



(4Q160) 



Fragments of an account of the story of Samuel from Cave 4 (4Q1 60), 
said to pertain to ttie second century BCE, were publislied by J. M. 
Allegro. They follow the first bool< of Samuel and include a narrative 
passage, a dialogue between Samuel and Eli, a prayer and an 
autobiographical discourse. 

For the editio phnceps, see J. IVI. Allegro and A. A. Anderson, 
DJD,V, 9— 11. 



Fr. 1 



[F]or [I have s]worn [to] the house [of Eli that the iniquity of the house of 
Eli relating to sacrifices and offerings shall never be expiated. And] 
Samue[1] heard the words of the Lord ... [and] Samuel lay down before 
Eli. And he rose and opened the ga[tes of the house of the Lord. And 
Samuel was afraid] to report to Eli the oracle. Answering, Eli said [to 
Samuel: Samuel, my son, let] me know the vision of God. Do not [hide 
it from me, pray! May God do to you thus and may He add to it] if you 
hide from me anything of the words that He spoke to you. [And] 
Samuel [reported all and hid nothing] ... 



Frs. 3-5 



... Thy servant. I have not restrained my strength until this (moment), for 
... [let them] be gathered, O my God, to Thy people and be a help to it 



and raise it ... [atxl deliver] their [fe]e[t] from muddy clay [and] establish 
for them a rock from of old, for Thy praise [is over all tfie peo]ples. Thy 
people shall take refuge [in Thy house] ... Amid the rage of the 
enemies of Thy people, Thou shalt verify Thy glory [and] over the lands 
and seas ... and Thy fear is over [al]l... and kingdom. And all the 
peoples of Thy lands shall know [that] Thou hast created them ... and 
the multitudes sfiall understand that this is Thy people ... Thy fK>ly ones 
whom Thou hast sanctified. 



A Paraphrase on Kings 



(4Q382) 



1 54 papyrus fragments, palaeographically dated to the first half of the 
first century BCE, belong to a l<ind of paraphrase of the Bool<s of 
Kings as various personal names (Jezebel, Ahab, Obadiah, Elijah, 
Elisha) clearly indicate. Only one fragment is extensive enough to allow 
intelligible translation. An unidentified speaker recounts events 
pertaining to the history of Israel in the form of an address to God. 
For the editio princeps, see S. Olyan, DJD, XIII, 363—41 6. 



Fr. 104 



... from Thy w/ord and to rely on Thy covenant and their heart be ... to 
sanctify Him/it ... hands so that they might be Thine, and Thou theirs 
and Thou be righteous ... For Thou wilt be a giver of an inheritance ... 
and lord over them and Thou wilt be a father to them and not ... Thou 
hast forsaken them to the hand of their kings and hast made them 
stumble among the people[s] ... not ... Thy life. Didst Thou give them 
[the Law?] by the hand of Moses ... Thy judgements and lifting the 
iniquity of Thy people to the heights ... Thy patience and the multitude 
[of mercies?] ... 



An Elisha Apocryphon 



(40481^) 



Three minute fragments reproduce the Hebrew text of 2 Kings 11, 14 — 
16 with paraphrastic supplements. Only fr. 2 can be partly 
reconstructed and translated. The opening words '[And] Elisha went 
up' are without biblical parallel. 
For the editio princeps, see J. Trebolle, DJD, XXII, 305 — 9. 



Fr. 2 



... [And] Elisha went up. [When the sons of the prophets who were over 
at Jericho] saw [him over against them, they said. The spirit of Elijah 
rests over Elish]a. And they came to meet Elisha, [and bowed to the 
ground before him. And they said to him. Behold now, there are with 
your servants] fifty [strong] men; [pray let them go, and seek your 
master; it may be that the spirit of the Lord has caught him up and cast 
him upon some mou]nta[in or into some valley]. 



A Zedekiah Apocryphon 



(4Q470) 



Three badly damaged fragments of an eariy Herodian manuscript 
speak in favourable terms of the last Judaean king Zedekiah. He is 
depicted as conversing with the archangel Michael who promises to 
make a covenant with him. The Bible is less kind towards this evil-doer 
(2 Kgs xxiv, 19, etc.), but 4Q470 prefigures Josephus, who praises 
Zedekiah's 'goodness and sense of justice' (Antiquities X, 120), and 
the Talmud (bShab. 149b; bSanh. 103a; bArak. 17a). 

For the editio princeps of 4Q470, see Erik Larson, Lawrence H. 
Schiffinan and John Strugnell, DJD, XIX, 235—44. 



Fr. 1 



... Michael ... Zedekiah [shall en]ter into a covenant on [th]at day ... to 
practise and to cause all the Torah to be practised. [At] that time 
IV1[ich]ael shall say to Zedekiah.... I will make with you [a cov]e[nant] 
before the assembly [to p]ractise ... 



Fr. 3 



... their [c]ry towards heaven ... [to] restore them to health and help 
them by the spirit of [his] m[ight] ... 

... arxJ by the pillar of fire [many] times ... ArxJ IVIoses wrote when he 
spoke according to a[ll] ... Kadesh B[arnea] ... 



A Historico-theological Narrative based on 
Genesis and Exodus 



(4Q462— 4) 



Palaeographically dated to the mid-first century BCE, the two joined 
fragments of 4Q462 represent the only meaningful part of a historical 
narrative told from a theological point of view. Both the beginning and 
the end of each of the nineteen lines are missing, but the general tenor 
of the story can be guessed: after repeated oppression and 
humiliation, God is to remember Jerusalem. The Tetragram is twice 
replaced by four dots as in the Community Rule (1QS) VIII, 15. There 
are six further small fragments. 

For the editio phnceps of 4Q462, see M. Smith, DJD, XIX, 195— 
209. 4Q463, or Narrative D, contains only a few broken lines, starting 
with 'And God remembered his word which he said', followed by the 
quotation of Lev. xxvi, 44. Apparently the fragment has vanished and 
the text edited by M. Smith (ibid., 211-14) is based on J. Strugnell's 
transcription. The poorly preserved 4Q464 (ibid., 215 — 3 2) refers to 
Abraham, Isaac, Jacob and apparently to Joseph. Fn 3 11, 7 contains 
the word pesher (interpretation), suggesting that an exegetical 
comment followed in the lacuna. 



4Q462 



... [Shem and] Ham and Japhet ... for Jacob ... for lsrae[l] ... 

... And he will give (the land?) to the multitude as a heritage. ... (=the 
Lord) who rules ... his glory which ... will fill the waters and the earth ... 
They seized his people. The light was with them and [darkness] was on 



us ... 

The [per]iod of darkness [passed away] and the period of light came 
and they were to rule for ever. Therefore he will say, ... to Israel, for in 
our midst was the people of the beloved, (of) Jac[ob] ... And they 
slaved, and they were safeguarded and they cried to .... (=the Lord) ... 
And behold they were handed over to Egypt for the second time in the 
period of the kingship, and [they] were safeguarded ... [and the 
inha]bitants of Philistia and Egypt will become a booty and a ruin. And 
he will make it stand ... 

... the fierceness of her face will be changed to brightness and her 
1 5 soiled garments [to] ... And he will remember Jerusalem ... 



Tobit 



(4Q196— 200 



Prior to the Qumran finds, tlie Bool< of Tobit existed among tlie 
Apocryplia in two, a long and a short, Greek recensions and in various 
secondary ancient versions. Cave 4 has revealed remains of four 
Aramaic (4Q196 — 9) and one Hebrew (4Q200) manuscripts, of which 
two scrolls, the papyrus Tob^ (196) and the leather Tob'^ (197), have 
yielded copious extracts. They all basically represent the Semitic 
original from which the longer Greek recension, attested by the fourth- 
century CE Codex Sinaiticus, and the Old Latin version were made. 

Tob^, Tob'^ and Tob'^ are palaeographically dated to the first century 
BCE and Tob'^, as well as the Hebrew Tob^, to the turn of the era (30 
BCE-20 CE). The translation of a composite Aramaic text is followed 
separately by that of the Hebrew fragments. The Aramaic and the 
Hebrew overlap only in Tob. xiv, 1 — 2. Of the two, the Aramaic, 
represented by older and more numerous manuscripts, is likely to be 
the original language of the composition. 

The following illustrate some of the differences between the Aramaic 
(A), and the Greek (G) Tobit: 

i, 22 (A) He was the son of my brother, of my father's house and of 
my family. (G) He was my brother's son and of my kindred. 

ii, 1 (A) On the day of the Festival of Weeks (G) At the feast of 
Pentecost which is the sacred festival of the seven weeks 

vi, 6 (A) Also he salted the rest for the journey Both of them were 
going together (G) and left part of it salted. And they journeyed 
both of them together 

vi, 12 (A) and her father loves her (G) and her father is an 
honourable man 

xiv, 2(A) He was fifty-eight years old when he lost his sight and 



afterward he lived fifty-four years (G) He was sixty-two years oid 
wfien he was maimed In his eyes (Sinaiticus) He was fifty-eight 
years old when he lost his sight and after eight years he 
regained It (Vatlcanus) 

For the editio princeps of 4Q1 96-200, see J. A. FItzmyer, DJD, XIX, 1 - 
79. 



4Q196, Fr. 2Tob. i, 19— ii, 2 



(I, 19) [one o]f the men of Nineveh, and he Informed the kln[g about 
me, th]at I was bury[lng them (the murdered Jews) and] I hid myself. 
When I learned that he knew of me [and sought to kll]1 [me], I was 
frightened and fled. (20) ... [al]1 that I possessed and nothing was left 
to me ... a[part from Hanna]h my wife and Toblah my son. (21 ) But not 
f[orty] days passed [before two of] his (Sennacherib's) [sons killed him] 
and they fled to the mountains of Ararat. Then [Esarhaddo]n became 
king [and he] appointed Ahlkar, the son of my brother Anael, over all 
the ac[count]s [of ttie kingdom. And he was In ch]arge of all the royal 
treasury accounts. (22) And Ahikar intervened for me ... [And Ahl]kar 
my brother was the cupbearer, the guardian of the signet ring and the 
accountant under Sennacherib, king of Assyria, and Esarhaddon 
reappointed him. Now he was the son of my brother, of my father's 
house and of my family. 

(II, 1) And In the days of [ki]ng Esariiaddon, when I returned to my 
home 1 0 arxJ Hannah my wife and Tobiah my son were restored to 
me, on the day of the FesUval of Wee[ks, 1] had an excellent meal and I 
reclined to [ea]t. (2) And they put a table In front of me and I saw the 
many delicacies placed on It, [and I] said [to Tobjiah my son, IVIy son, 
go and bring all those among our brot[hers whom you] can find ... my 
son, go and bring (them). Let him be brought (here) and eat [together] 
with me. And behold I ... 



Fr. 6Tob. iii, 9—15 



(iii, 9) ... [Go] after them (after her seven deceased husbands) and let 
us n[ot] see a son [or a daughter] of yours [ever.] (1 0) ... [and she cried 
and went] up to the upper room of [her father's] house ... [may I not 
hear] again [such a dis]graceful thing in my life. And ... (I I) against ... 
[IVlay] thy holy [and glo]rious name [be blessed] for all et[ernity. And] 
may [all thy works] bless [thee]. (12) [And now I have turned] my face 
[to]wards thee and I have [li]fted my eyes. (13) Say that I should depart 
from [the earth] ... (14) [Thou, O Lord, kn]owestthat I myself am pure o[f 
a]ll impurity [of man. 

(15) And I tiave not de]filed [my] nam[e and the name of] my [father] 
in all the land of our captivity. I am [the on]ly child [of my father and] he 
has no other son wtio would intierit from him. Nei[ther has he] a brother 
or a relation [for whom I] should [keep my]self, or a son f[or whom I 
should b]e a wife. Already seve[n] of my [husbands] have perpshed] ... 



4Q197, fr. 4 + 4Q196, fr. 13 Tob. v, 19— vi, 12 [vi, 
6-8] 

I (v, 19) ... Let my son not cleave [to mone]y and like ... (21) [And] he 
said to her, Do not be afraid. IVIy son will go in peace ... [in pea]ce. Do 
not be afraid. And do not worry about him, my sister. (22) ... [his] 
]our[ney] ... 

(vi, I) Once again [she fell silen]t and cried no more, vacat 
(2) ... [and the ang]el was with him and ... [and they went] together. 
And [night] came [and ttiey reached] the Tigris. (3) And the young man 
went down ... [and] a big [fis]h yumped] out of [the water to swall]ow the 
foot of the young man ... (4) ... [C]atch the f[ish! And] the young man 
[se]ized [the fish and brou]ght it to the dry land. And [the angeO s[aid to 
him, (5) Cut] it open and remove [its gall and] its [heart and its liver. 
Keep] them, but [throw away its] entrails. [Its gall], its [heart] and its liver 
are [medicament]. (6) And [he cut out its gall and] its [h]eart and [its 



liver ... the f|ish and he ate (it). Also {he sa[lted the re]st for the journey} 
(4Q196). Both of them were going [to]gether [until they reajched 
Media, vacat {7) {The young man [as]ked tfie ang[el]} (4Q196) [and 
s]aid to him, Azariah my brother, what kind of medicament is in the 
heart of the fish and in its li\/[er and in its gall? (8) If you] smoke it in 
front of a man or a woman smitten by a demon or an [evil] spirit ... they 
will [n]ever come by again. (9) The gall is for applying to the ey[es of a 
man] ... white film and he will recover. (10) And when they entered 
Media and he was already ne[aring Ecbatana, (11) Raphael said to 
the young] man, T[o]biah my brother And he said to him. Here am I. 
And he said to him. In the house [of Raguel we shall stay And the m]an 
is from the house of our father And he has a beautiful daughter ... (1 2) 
[And] he has [no other (children) except Sarah a]l[one]. ArxJ you are 
re[lat]ed to her ... [And this young girl] 



4Q197, fr. 4 + 4Q196, fr. 14 i Tob. vi, 12—18 [vi, 
13—18] 

II [wise, stronjg and very beautiful, and her fatlier loves [her] ... her 
father. And a just decision has been made conceming you (13) to 
m[arry her] ... You will speak about this young girl tonight. You will retain 
her and take her to be your wif[e ... And {when we return from [Rages]} 
(4Q196), [we shall make for her] a wedding-feast. And I know that 
Raguel cannot refuse fier to you for fie knows ... and to marry his 
daughter than any (other) ma[n. For h]e kno[ws] that if he were to give 
her to [another] man [this would be against the law in tlie Book] of 
l\/loses. And now [let us speak about] this [young] gir[1] tonight and let 
us retain her [for you ... (14) Then Tobiah replied and said to Raphajel, 
Azariah my brother, I have heard ... (that she had seven husbands who 
all died) wtien they went in to tier.... (15) And now I am [afjraid of this 
demon who {loves her ... the demon kills them} (4Q1 96) 

... (bring) my [fathjer and my mother [to the grave ... They have] no 
other son [to bury them.] (16) {[Do you not remember the comjmands 



of your father} (4Q196) who commanded you ... {[ArxJ no]w listen to 
me, my brother. Do not (be afraid of) this [de]mon and marry (her) 
{tonight ... (17) [t]al<e from the heart [of the fish] ... (18) ... the demon 
[will smejil it and will (flee]} (4Q196) 

... (When you go in) [to be wi]th her, ri[se up] ... [And do n]ot be afraid 
[for] she has been allotted to you and for you ... you will save [her. And] I 
suppose that you will have [children by her and ... And when] Tobiah 
[h]eard the words of Raphae[l that she was h]is sister and of ... 



4Q197, fr. 4 + 4Q196, fr. 14 ii Tob. vi, 18— vii, 10 
[vi, 18-vii, 6] 

III [the house of his father's family] he fell in love with her [gr]eatly and 
his heart (was much attached) to her. (vii, 1) And when they entered 
Ecbat[ana], Tobiah [said] to him, Aza[riah my brother, lead] me straight 
away to the house of Raguel our brother. He led him there and [they] 
went [to the house] of Raguel and [they] found Rague[1 s]itting in front 
of the gate of his home. And first they greeted him and he said to them. 
In peace you have come. Enter in peace, my brothers. And he brought 
them into his house. (2) Then he said to Edna his wife, How much this 
young man resembles Tobit, the son of my uncle. (3) And Edna asked 
them and said to them, Where are you from, my brothers? and they 
said to her. From among the children of Naphtali [who] are captives in 
Niniveh. And she said to them. Do you know Tobit our brother? And 
they said to her. We know him. Is he well? (5) And they said, He is 
wel[l. And Tojbiah [sajid, He is my father. (6) And Raguel Jumped to his 
feet and kissed him and crie[d]. (7) ... A blessing on [you my son. You 
are the] s[on] of a just man ... the neck of Tobiah ... (9) he slaugh[tered] 
a ram from the flock ... to eat and to drink.... my sister. (10) And 
[Raguel] heard ... 



4Q]197, fr. 5 Tob. viii, 21— ix, 2 



(21)... my son. I am your father and Edna is [your] m[other] ... [Do not 
be] afraid, my son. vacat{\x, I) [Then Tobiah called Raphael and said 
to] him, (2) Azariah my brother, tal<e with you from here fo[ur slaves] ... 

... [and] you will come to the house of Gab[ae]l and give him the 
document and take [the money] ... 



4Q196, fr. 17 Tob. xiii, 6—12 



... [with all] 

II your heart and [with all] your [s]oul to [do righteousness. 

Then he] will turn to you, 

and will no l[onger hide] his [face] from you. 

[Give] him [thanks] with all your mouth 

and ble[ss the Lord] of righteousness and ex[alt him]. 

[In the land] of captivity I give him thanks 

and I dec[lare] his [m]ight and [his] greatne[ss 

before a people of s]in. 

According to your heart 

[do] righ[teousness] before him. 

[Who] kno[ws if there will be f]orgiveness [for you]. 

(7) And I exalt my God and my [so]ul the ki[ng of heaven]. 
... all the day[s of my life]. 

... [and let them al]l [pr]aise his greatness. 

(8) Let them speak with psalm[s] ... 

(9) [Jerusalem] the holy city, 

he will [aff]lic[t you] concerning ... 

(10) ... [with righ]teousness give thanks ... 

... from generation to generation they will give ... 

[and his] great name [will be for] everlasting [gene]rations. 

(12) Cur[sed] be [a]ll [who] despise (you) 

and all who are against [you]. 

And cursed be al[l who hate] you 

and all [who spe]ak [a]gainstyou. 



Cursed be 



4Q196, fr. 18 + 4Q198, fr. 1 Tob. xiii, 12— xiv, 3 



(18)... [will]s[a]y, Halle[luiah]... 
[Blessed be for ever] and ever 
for in you they will bless [his holy] n[ame] ... 

(xiv, 1) [The words of thanksgivings of Tojbit [ended] and he died in 
peace at the a[ge of one hundred and twelve years and he was 
buried]. (2) [He was] fifty-ei[ght] years [old] ... his [e]yes. He lived a 
good life and in all ... {[and he gave] alms and continued to fear God 
and to pr[aise his greatness. (3) And he called Tobiah his son and] his 
[seven]} (4Q198) sons and commanded him and said to [him] ... 



4Q200, fr. 2 Tob. iv, 3—9 



... (4) ... and she carried you in [her] womb ... vacat (5) My son, 
[re]member] God in all your days ... his word, vacat [Do] what is true 
[a]ll the days of [your] l[ife, and do not walk in the way]s of lies. (6) For 
when you do what is t[rue ... will] be with you. (7) ... My son, with a 
generous hand [give] alms, and do not hi[de your face from any p]oor 
Then [the face of Gojd will not be hid]den [from you. (8) If you have 
much, [my] son, ... [giv]e al[m]s from it. If you have little, according to the 
little (you will give).... 



Fr. 4 Tob. x, 7—9 



[And when] the fourteen days of ttie [wedding] were completed for 
them which Raguel had sworn to make for Sarah his daughter, 
To[b]iah came [to him] and said to him, Send me away (for) I already 



know that [my father does not believe, n]or does my mother believe 
that she will see m[e] again. And now I request [y]ou, my father, that you 
send me away that I may go to my father. Already I have recounted to 
you how I left them. (8) And Raguel said to Tobiah, IVIy son, remain with 
me and I will send messengers to Tobit y[o]ur father and the[y] ... 



Fr. 6 Tob. xii, 20— xiii, 4 

... [Record in writing all] this story. And he (Raphael) ascended. (21 )... 
[and they saw] him [no more]. (22) And they were blessing [and 
extolling 

God and giving him thanl<s for] his great d[ee]d and wondered how [an 
angel of God] had appeared [to them], (xiii, 1 ) Then Tobit spoke and 
wrote a psalm of praise, and s[aid. 

Blessed be] the living [God] whose kingdom is for all eternity: 

(2) He who [strikes and wh]o is merciful; 

He who causes to descend to the nethermost hell, 
and he who brings up from the [g]rea[t] abyss. 
And who is there who can escape from his hand? 

(3) Give him thanks, children of lsra(el, in front of the nations], 
you who are exiled among them. 

(4) Recite there [his greatness and extol him before al]l the living. 
For he is your Lord, and he is [your] God 

... [foral]l [eternity]. 



Fr. 7 Tob. xiii, 18 — ^xiv, 2 

II ... (xiv, 1) And [Tobits words of praise were] completed, [and he 
di]ed in peace aged [one hundred and twelve years]. He was fifty-eight 
years old (when he lost) his [sjight [and] aften/vard [tie lived fifty]-fo[ur 
years]. 



Apocryphon of Jeremiah 



(4Q383, 385a, 387, 387a, 388a, 389—90) 



Originally considered as part of an Ezekiel apocryplion, the remains of 
tliese manuscripts, written in a well-imitated biblical Hebrew, have 
been identified by the editor as pertaining to an apocryphal account of 
the life of Jeremiah in Babylon and in Egypt. The script probably dates 
to the end of the first century 
BCE. 

For the editio princeps, see D. Dimant, DJD, XXX, 91—260. For 
the related 4Q384, see M. Smith, DJD, XIX, 136—52. 



4Q385a,fr. 18 i-ii 

I vacat ... Jeremiah the Prophet [departed] from before the Lord 
(YHWH) ... [to accompany the] captives who were taken captive from 
the land of Jerusalem and came [to ... Nebuchadnezzar,] king of Babel, 
when Nabuzaradan, the chief of the bodyguard, smote ... and took the 
vessels of the house of God, the priests ... and the sons of Israel and 
led them to Babel. And Jeremiah the Prophet went [with them as far 
as] the river and he commanded them what they were to do in the land 
of [their] captivity ... [And they obeyed] the voice of Jeremiah in regard 
to the words which God commanded him ... and they were to keep the 
covenant of the God of their fathers in the land [of their captivity ... and 
they were not to d]o as they had done and their kings and priests [and 
... and they] profaned [the na]me of God ... 

II In Tahpanes wh[ich is in the land of Egypt ... ] and they said to him, 



Inquire [of G]ocl for us.... But Jeremiah [did not listen] to them and did 
not inquire for them of Go[d] ... a jubilation and prayer. And Jeremiah 
lamented ... lamentations ov]er Jerusalem ... vacat [And the word of the 
Lord was addressed to] Jeremiah in the land of Tahpanes which was 
in the land of Eg[ypt ... Go to] the sons of Israel and the sons of Judah 
and Benjamin [... and speak to them saying,] Day by day seel< my 
decrees arxl ke[ep] my commandments ... and do not [follow] the 
i[d]ols of the nations [after] which [your fathers] wa[lked ... for] they will 
not sa[ve y]ou ... nor ... 



4Q387, fr. 2 ii {4Q385a, fr. 4, 4Q389, fr. 8 ii) 

... strengthen yourselves to serve Me with all your heart and al[l your 
soul].... in their distress. But I will not seek them on account of their 
unfaithfulness by which they were unfaithful to me until the completion 
of ten jubilee of years. And you will walk in ... and blindness and 
stupefaction of the heart. And after the completion of that generation I 
[will tear away] the kingship from the hand of those who have been 
holding fast to it and I shall place over it others from another people 
and impudence will rule on all [the eajrth and the kingship of Israel will 
perish. In those days [there] will [be a king and h]e will be a reviler and 
he will perform abominations, but I will tear away [his] kingship and that 
king will be (destined) for kings. And My face will be concealed from 
Israel ... will return to many nations. And the sons of Israel will cry 
because of the heavy yoke In the lands of their captivity and there will 
be no saviour for them because they despised my decree and their 
soul loathed my Law ... 



Fr. 2 iii (4Q388a, fr. 7, 4Q389, fr. 8) 

... In his days I will break the kingship of [Egypt] ... and I will break Israel 
and I will deliver them to the sword, [and I will dejstroy the [Qand and I 



will distatx^ man and will leave the land into the hand of the angels of 
hostilities. And I will conceal [my] face [from ls]rael. And this is the sign 
for them. On the day when I will forsake the land ... the priests of Israel 
[will return] to worship other gods [and will perform the abomin]ations 
of the [nations] ... 



Fr. 3 (4Q385a, fr. 5) 

... three priests who did not walk in the ways of the former [priests] and 
are called by the name of the God of Israel. And in their days the pride 
of the wicked ones of the Covenant and the worshippers of strange 
(gods) will be brought low. Israel will be torn in that generation, each 
man waging war against his neighbour because of the Law and the 
Covenant. And I will send famine into the [lan]d but not concerning 
bread and thirst, but no[t] concerning water ... 



4Q388a, fr. 7 (4Q387, fr. 2 iii, 4Q389, fr. 8 ii) 

I have despised them and they will again perform evil and evil will be 
greater than [the former evil, and they will breach] the Covenant which [I 
conclu]ded with Abraham and with Isaac and with [Jacob. In] those 
[days] a king will rise up [for the nat]ions, a reviler and he will do evil. 
And in [his] days I will [stop] Israel from being a people ... In his days I 
will break the kingship of [Egypt] ... and I will break Israel and I will 
deliver them to the sword, [and I will de]stroy the [l]and and I will 
distance man and will leave the land into the hand of the angels of 
hostilities. And I will conceal [my] face [from ls]rael. And this is the sign 
for them. On the day when I will forsake the land ... the priests of Israel 
[will return] to worship other gods [and will perform the abomin]ations 
of the [nations] ... 



4Q389, fr. 8 (4Q385a 4, 4Q387, 2 ii-iii, 4Q388a 7 

ii) 

II ... a reviler and he will do abominations. And I will tear away his 
kingship and he too will be (destined) to (hostile) kings. And my face 
will be concealed from Israel and [the kingship] will return to many 
nations. And the sons of Israel will cry because of the heavy yoke in the 
lands of their captivity and there will be no saviour for them because 
they despised my decree and their soul loathed my Law. Therefore I 
have concealed my face from [them] until they have completed their 
iniquity vacat And this is the sign for them regarding the completion of 
their iniquity. [For] I have forsaken the land because of the pride of their 
heart towards Me and they have not known that I have despised them 
and they will again perform evil which will be greater than the former 
evil. [And they will breach the Covenant which I conclu]ded with 
Abraham and with Isaac and with [Jacob. In] those [days] a king will 
rise up [for the nat]ions, a reviler and he will do evil. And in [his] days I 
will [stop] Israel from being a people. In his days I will break the 
kingship of [Egypt] ... Egypt and I will break Israel and I will deliver them 
to the sword ... 



4Q390, fr. I 

... [and a]gain [I will give them] into the hand of the sons of Aar[on] ... 
seventy years. And the sons of Aaron will rule over them, but they will 
not walk [in] my [wa]ys which I command you to testify to them. And 
they will also do \A/hat is evil in my eyes just as everything the Israelites 
did in the earlier days of tlieir kingship apart from tliose who return first 
from the land of their captivity to build the Sanctuary. And I will speak to 
them and send to them a commandment arKi tliey will understand all 
that they tiave forsaken, they and their fathers. And from the end of this 
generation in the severrth jubilee of the destruction of the larxJ they will 
forget decree, festival, Sabbath and Covenant. And they will breach 



everything and will commit evil in my eyes. And I will conceal my face 
from ttiem and will give them into the tiand of their enemies arxJ deliver 
[them] to the sword. But I will cause refugees to remain from among 
them so that [they should] not be an[nih]ilated by my anger [and] when 
[my] fa[ce] is concealed from them. And ttie angels of hostilities will 
rule over them and ... and again they will commit evil in [my] eyes and 
they will walk in the stub[bornness] of their heart ... 



Fr. 2 i 



I ... and the dominion of Belial will be on them to hand them over to the 
sword for a week of yea[rs ... And in] that jubilee, they will break all my 
precepts and all my commandments which I will have commanded 
th[em ... bythe hand of] my servants the prophets, and they will [start] to 
contend one with another for seventy years from the day of breaking 
the [Law and the] Covenant which they will break. I will give them [into 
the hand of the an]gels of Persecutions, and they will rule over them, 
and they will not know and understand that I am furious with them 
because of their transgressions [by which they will have for]saken Me 
and will have done that which is evil in my eyes, and will have chosen 
that which I do not desire, striving for wealth and gain [and ... , on]e 
stealing that which is his fellow's, and one oppressing another. They 
will pollute my Sanctuary [profane my sabbaths]; they will for[ge]t my 
[appoin]ted times and will pollute their s[ee]d. Their priests will act 
violently... 



The New Jerusalem 



(4Q554-5, 5Q15, 1Q32, 2Q24, 4Q232, 11Q18) 



Fragments belonging to an Aramaic writing describing ttie Jerusalem 
of tine esciiatoiogicai age have been identified in Caves 1 (1Q32), 2 
(2Q24), 4 (4Q554— 5), 5 (5Q15) and 11 (11Q18). Ttiere are also 
Hebrew fragments listed under 4Q232. 

They are all inspired by Ezekiel xl-xlviii (of also Revelation xxi). On 
palaeographical considerations, the manuscripts are thought to date to 
around the turn of the era. 

The visionary responsible for this worl< accompanies an angelic 
'surveyor' who measures everything in the New Jerusalem, from the 
size of the blocks of houses, the avenues and the streets, to the 
detailed dimensions of rooms, stairs and windows. The dimensions 
are given in 'reeds', each of which consists of seven 'cubits'. But there 
seem to have been two cubits in use as ancient Jewish 
measurements, one approximately 20 inches (52 1 mm), the other 18 
inches (446 mm) long. 

For the editio princeps, see J. T. Milik, DJD, III, 184-93. For smaller 
fragments, see Milik, DJD, I, 134-5; IVI. Baillet, DJD, III, 84-90; E. 
Puech, SemiticaA3^ (1995), 87-102; DJD, XXXVII. For 1 1Q18, see 
F. Garcia Martinez ef a/., DJD, XXIII, 305-55. 



4Q554, fr. 1 

I . .. [And they call this gate Gate of] Simeon [And they call this 

gate] Gate of Joseph [And they call this gate] Gate of Reuben ... 

II. .. 

... [And theyl c[alll [the name of] this (one) [Gate! of Naphtali. And from 



this gate he measured to the [eastern] gate 25 [s]tadia. And they call 
this gate Gate of Asher. And he measu[red from] this [ga]te to the 
eastem comer 25 stadia, vacaf And he led me into the city, and he 
measured each block of houses for its length and width, fiflyone reeds 
by fifty-one, in a square a[ll] 



5Q15 



I [round] = 357 cubits to each side. A passage surrounds the block of 
houses, a street gallery, three reeds = 21 cubits, (wide). 

[He] then [showed me the di]mensions of [all] the blo[cks of houses. 
Between each block there is a street], six reeds = 42 cubits, wide. And 
the width of the avenues running from east to west: two of them are ten 
reeds = 70 cubits, wide. And the third, that to the [lef]t (i.e. north) of the 
Temple, measures eighteen reeds =1 26 cubits in width. And the wid[th 
of the streets] running from south [to north: t]wo of [them] have nine 
reeds and four cubits = 67 cubits, each street. 

[And the] mid[dle street passing through the mid]dle of the city, its 
[width measures] thirt[een] ree[ds] and one cubit = 92 cubits. And all 
[the streets of the city] are paved with white stone ... marble and jasper. 

[And he showed me the dimensions of the ei]ghty [side-doors]. The 
wid[th of the] side-doors is two reeds, [= 14 cubits, ... Each door has 
tw]o wings of stone. The width of the w[ing] is [one] reed [= 7 cubits.] 

And he showed me [the dimensions] of the twelve [entranc]es. The 
width of their doors are three reeds [= 21] cubits. [Each door has tw]o 
[wings]. The width of the wing is one reed and a half = 10 cubits ... 
[And beside each door there are two tow]ers, one to [the r]ight and one 
to the 1[ef]t. Its width [is of the same dimension as] its length, [five 
reeds by five = 35 cubits. The stairs beside] the inside door, on the 
[righ]t side of the towers, [rise] to the top of the to[wers. Their width is 
five cubits. The towers and the stairs are five reeds by five and] five 
cubits = 40 [cubits], on each side of the door. 

[And he showed me the dimensions of the doors of the blocks of 
houses. Ttielr width] is two reeds = 14 cubpts. And ttie wl]d[th] ... [And 



he measured] the wid[th of each th]reshold: two reeds = 14 cubits, [and 
the lintel: one cubit. And he measured above each] threshold i[ts 
win]gs. And he measured beyond the threshold. Its length is [thirteen] 
cubits [and its width ten cubits.] 

[And he] le[d m]e [bejyond the threshold. [And behold] another 
threshold, and a door next to the inner wall [on the right side, of the 
same dimensions as the outer door. Its width] is four [cu]bits, [its] 
height seven [cubits], and it has two wings. And in front of this door 
there is [an entrance threshold. Its width is one reed] = 7 II [cubits]. And 
the i[eng]th of the entrance is two reeds = 14 cubits, and its height is 
two reeds = 14 cubits. [And the door] fa[cing the other do]or opening 
into the block of houses has the same dimensions as the outer door 
On the ieft of this entrance, he showed [me] a round [staircase], its 
length is of the same dimension as its width: two reeds by two =14 
cubits. The do[ors (of the staircase) facing] the other doors are of the 
same dimensions. And a piiiar is inside the staircase around which the 
stairs ri[se]; its width and d[epth are six cubits by six], a square. And 
the stairs which rise beside it, their width is four cubits, and they rise in 
a spiral [to] a height of [two] r[eeds] to [the roof]. 

And he ied me [into] the biocl< of houses, and he showed me the 
houses there. From one door to the oth[er, there are fifteen: eigh]t on 
one side as far as the corner, and seven from the corner to the other 
door The length of the house[s is three reed]s = 2[1 cubits, and their 
width], two [reed]s = 14 cubits. Lil<ewise, for aii the chambers; [and 
their height is t]wo [reeds] = 1[4] cu[bit]s, [and their doors are in the 
middle.] (Their) width is t[w]o reeds = 1[4] cubits. [And he measured 
the width (of the rooms) in the middie] of the house, and inside the 
upper floor: four [cubits]. Length and height: one reed = 7 cubits. 

[And he showed] me the dimensions of the dining-[haiis]. Each has 
[a length] of ninete[en] cubits [and a width] of twelve [cubits]. Each 
contains twenty-two couche[s and eie]ven windows of lattice-work (?) 
above [the couches]. And next to the hail is an outer conduit. [And he 
measured] the ... of the window: its height, two cubits; [its width: ... 
cubits;] and its depth is that of the width of the wail. [The height of the 
inner (aspect of ttie wirxJow) is ... cubits, and that of the outer (aspect), 
... cubits.] 



[And he measured the l]im[it]s of the ... [Their length] is nineteen 
[cubits] and [their] width, [tweive cubits] ... 



11Q18, fr. 20 



[On ever]y seventh day a memor[iai offering of] bread. And they shaii 
tal<e the bread outside the Tempie to the right of its west side and it 
shall be divided. And I looked until it was divided among the eighty-four 
priests from all the seven divisions of the tables ... the oldest among 
them and fourteen pri[ests] ... priest. Two (loaves) of bread with 
incense [on] them. I looked until one of the two (loaves of) bread was 
given to the High Priest ... with him. And the other was given to his 
deputy who stood near (?) ... 



Pseudo-Ezekiel^'' 



(4Q385, 386, 385b, 388, 385c) 



An apocryphal work, modelled on the Book of Ezekiel, has survived in 
five Cave 4 manuscripts. It consists of exchanges between God and 
the prophet, who is several times named. The eschatological material 
of 4Q385 includes, among others, Ezekiel's vision of the dry bones 
and the Chariot passage. On the basis of its script, 4Q385 is dated to 
the late Hasmonaean or early Herodian era, i.e. roughly to mid-first 
century BCE. There is nothing obviously sectarian in the document. 
4Q386 also deals with the vision of the dry bones (Ezek. xxxvii) and the 
future of the land of Israel. 4Q385b is built on Ezekiel's prophecy 
against Egypt (Ezek. xxx, 1-3) and 4Q388 alludes once more to the dry 
bones and the final battle. 4Q385c consists of seven unidentified 
scraps. 

For the editio princeps, see D. Dimant, DJD, XXX, 7-88. For 
4Q391 , unsuitable for translation, see IVI. Smith, DJD, XIX, 1 52-93. 



4Q385, fr. 2 {=4Q386, fr. 1 i, 4Q388, fr. 7) 

['And they will know that I am the Lord] who redeems My people, giving 
them the Covenant.' vacat [And I said, 'Lord,] I have seen many from 
Israel who have loved Thy name and walked [in] the ways [of 
righteousness (?), and] when will [these] things come to pass? And 
how will their piety be rewarded?' And the Lord said to me, 'I will make 
the sons of Israel see and they will know that I am the Lord.' vacat [And 
He said,] 'Son of man. Prophesy concerning the bones, and say 
["Come together, a bone to its bone, and a bit [to its bit." ' And] s[o it 



came to pas]s. And He said a second time, 'Propliesy, and let sinews 
come on them, and let skin spread over tinem above.' [And] s[o it came 
to pas]s. And He said again, 'Prophesy concerning the four winds of 
heaven and let the win[ds of heaven] blow [on them and they shall live].' 
And a great crowd of men revived and blessed the Lord of hosts wh[o 
made them live.] And I said, 'Lord, when will these things come to 
pass?' And the Lord said to me, a tree will bend and stand up ...' 



Fr. 3 



... Lord. And all the people stood up ... [praisjing the Lord of hosts. I 
also s[pok]e with them ... vacat And the Lord spoke to me: 'Son of 
[man, Sa]y to them ... [in] their [graves] they stiall lie until ... [from] their 
[tom]bs and from the land ... 



Fr.4 



... Instead of my grief rejoice my soul. And the days will hasten quickly 
until men will say 'Are not the days quickening so that the sons of 
Israel may inherit?' And the Lord said to me, 'I will not tur[n aw]ay your 
face, Ezekiel. Be[hold,] I will shorten the days and the year[s] ... a little, 
as you have said to [Me] ... [For] the mouth of the Lord has spoken 
these (words).' ... 



Fr. 6 



... the vision that Ezek[iel] saw ... the brightness of the chariot. And four 
living creatures ... [and when advancing they do not turn] back. Every 
living creature walks on two (legs) and [its] two legs ... there was breath 
and Uieir faces are parallel (?). [And the likeness] of the fa[ces: one is 



a lion, on]e an eagle, one a calf and one a man. There was [a hand (?)] 
of a man attached to the back of the living creatures and stuck to ... 
and the wh[ee]l[s]. A wheel was attached to another when they 
advanced and ^om both sides of the wh[eels there were coals of fire] 
and there were in the midst of the coals living creatures like coals of 
fire ... and the wheels and the living creatures and the wheels... 



4Q386, fr. 1 ii-iii 

II ... [the ear]th and they will know that I am the Lord, vacat And He said 
to me: Consider, son of man, the land of Israel. And I said: I have seen 
it. Lord, and behold it is dry. When wilt Thou gather them? The Lord 
said: A son of Belial is planning to oppress my people but I will not 
permit him. His residue will not persist, and from the impure no seed 
shall remain. From the caper no wine wiii come nor will a wasp (?) 
make any honey And I will slay the wicked in Memphis and I will bring 
my sons out of IVIemphis and turn favourably towards their remnant. As 
they say: There is peace and (quiet?); they also say: The earth is as it 
was in the days of ... [in the days] of old. Then I will stir up hea[t] against 
them from [the fo]ur directions of heaven ... devouring fire ... 

Ill He will have no mercy on the poor and will bring them to Babylon. 
Babylon is like a cup in the hand of the Lord, in time He will cast it 
away.... 



4Q385b 



[And these are the wor]ds of Ezekiel. And the word of the Lord came to 
me, sa[ying: 'Son of man, Prophe]sy and say Behold the day of 
perdition of the nations is coming ... [Egy]pt and anguish will be in Put 
and tfie sword in E[gypt] ... will shake itself and Ethiopia and [Pu]t and 
the powerful of Arabia ... of Arabia will fall at the gate[s] of Egypt ... 



The Prayer of Nabonidus 



(4Q242) 



While the Book of Daniel (iv) writes of the miraculous recovery of 
Nebuchadnezzar after an illness which lasted seven years, this 
interesting Aramaic composition tells a similar story about the last king 
of Babylon, Nabonidus. The principal difference between the two is 
that Nebuchadnezzar was cured by God Himself when he recognized 
His sovereignty, whereas a Jewish exorcist healed Nabonidus by 
teaching him the truth and forgiving his sins. J. T. Milik considers the 
work to be older than Daniel, but a late second or early first-century 
BCE dating seems to be less adventurous (cf. 'Priere de Nabonide et 
autres ecrits d'un cycle de Daniel', RB 63 (1956), 407-11). Cf also G. 
Vermes, Jesus the Jew, London, 1 973, 67-8. 

For the editio princeps, see J. Collins, DJD, XXII, 83-93. 

The words of the prayer uttered by Nabunai king of the l[and of 
Ba]bylon, [the great] king, [when he was afflicted] with an evil ulcer in 
Teiman by decree of the [IVlost High God]. 

I was afflicted [with an evil ulcer] for seven years ... and an exorcist 
pardoned my sins. He was a Jew from [among the children of the exile 
of Judah, and he said], 'Recount this In writing to [glorify and exalt] the 
name of the [IVlost High God' . And I wrote this]; 

I was afflicted with an [evil] ulcer in Teiman [by decree of the IVlost 
High God]. For seven years [I] prayed to the gods of silver and gold, 
[bronze and iron], wood arxJ stone and clay, because [I believed] that 
they were gods ... ' 



Para-Danielic Writings 



(4Q243-5) 



In addition to the Prayer of Nabonidus, Cave 4 has revealed further 
Aramaic remains of a composition akin to the biblical Bool< of Daniel, 
with three explicit mentions of the name Daniel, who appears to be the 
narrator of the story. Another personality, Balal<ros, figures in 4Q243. 
J. T. IVIilik tentatively identified him with the Seleucid ruler Alexander 
Balas, the patron of Jonathan IVIaccabaeus. One of the fragments of 
4Q245 represents a list of priests, including possibly the IVlaccabee 
brothers, Jonathan and Simon, and kings. The remaining pieces are 
too small for translation. 

For the editio princeps, see J. Collins and P. Flint, DJD, XXII, 95- 
164. 



4Q243, fr. 3 combined with 4Q244 

... The children of Israel chose themselves rather than [God and they 
sacrijficed their sons to the demons of idolatry. God was enraged 
against them and determined to surrender them to Nebu[chadnezzar, 
king of Ba]bel and to devastate their land ... 



4Q245, fr. 1, i-ii 

... Daniel ... the book given [Lev]!, Qahat ... Bukki, Uzzi ... [Zado]k, 

Abiathar ... Hi[l]kiah ... Onias, [Jona]than, Simon ... and David, 
Solomon ... Ahazia[h, Joalsh 



The Four Kingdoms 



(4Q552-3) 



Partly overiapping remains of two manuscripts of an Aramaic work 
further testify to the existence of a rich para-Danielic literature. These 
poorly preserved documents allude to the story of the four empires 
(Dan. vii-viii) in the form of a metaphor of four trees. 
For the editio princeps, see E. Puech, DJD,XXXVII (forthcoming). 



4Q552, fr. 1 ii 

... [I saw an angel] II standing on whom light (shone) and four trees 
[stood by] him. And the trees rose and moved away from him. And he 
said to [me: Do you see] this shape? And I said: Yes. I see it and 
consider it. And I saw the tree ... placed. 

And I asl<ed it: What is your name? And it said to me: Babel. And I 
said to it: Are you the one who rules over Persia? And I saw another 
tree ... and I asked it: What is your name? [And it said to me: ... And I 
said to it: Are you the one w[ho rules over a]ll the powers of the sea 
and over the ports [and over] ... ? [And I saw] the third tree [and] I said 
to [it: What is your name and why] is your appearance ... 



An Aramaic Apocalypse 



(4Q246) 



Surnamed the 'Son of God fragment', 4Q246, with its intriguing 
phrases 'son of God' and 'son of the IVIost High', recalling Lul<e I, 32, 
35, has been in the centre of learned and popular speculation. On 
palaeographical grounds the script Is dated to the final decades of the 
first century BCE. Four competing interpretations of the 'son of God' 
figure have been proposed: the title Is to be associated with the 
Seleucid ruler, Alexander Balas (J. T. Mlllk); it designates a Jewish, 
possibly Hasmonaean, king, with a possible 'messianic undertone' in 
the use of 'son of God' (J. A. Fitzmyer); the Antichrist (D. Flusser); still 
apocalyptically but In a positive sense, F. Garcia Martinez argued in 
favour of an angelic identity the 'son of God' Is either the heavenly 
Melchizedek or Michael, the Prince of Light. The editor has decided to 
sit on the fence and applies the title to either the future Davidic 
Messiah or a historical Seleucid pretender. 

The overall message of the fragment recalls the apocalyptic section 
of the Book of Daniel. A Daniel-like person, referred to in column 1 , is 
to explain to a king seated on a throne a vision or dream alluding to 
wars Involving Assyria and Egypt, and the arrival of a final ruler, served 
by all, and called by them, or designating himself, 'son of God'. But the 
triumph of peace is not attributed to him - his reign Is rather 
characterized by internecine struggle between nations and provinces - 
but to the Great God, helping 'the people of God' (of. Dan. vii, 22, 29), 
whose dominion over mankirKi is declared eternal (cf. Dan. vii, 14) and 
free from the sword. 

Relying mainly on the evidence of the existing text, rather than on 
hypothetical reconstructions of missing passages, I see In the 'son of 
God' of 4Q246 neither Flusser's Antichrist, nor the straight historical 
individual of the Milik-Puech variety, but the last historico-apocalyptic 



sovereign of the ultimate world empire who, like his model, Antiochus 
Epiphanes in Dan. xi, 36-7, is expected to proclaim himself and be 
worshipped as a god (see JJS 43, 1992, 301-3). 
For the editiophnceps,see E. Puech, DJD, XXII, 165-84. 

I . .. [the spirit of God] dwelt on him, he fell down before the throne ... O 
[K]ing, you are angry for ever and your years ... your vision and all. For 
ever you ... [the gre]at ones. An oppression will come to the earth ... a 
great massacre in the provinces ... the king of Assyria [and E]gypt ... 
he will be great on earth ... will make and all will serve ... he will be 
called (or: call himself) [gran]d ... and by his name he will be 
designated (or: designate himself). II The son of God he will be 
proclaimed (or: proclaim himself) and the son of the Most High they will 
call him. Like the sparks of the vision, so will be their kingdom. They 
will reign for years on the eartli and they will trample all. People will 
trample people (of. Dan. vii, 23) and one province anotlier province 
vacat until the people of God will arise and all will rest from the sword. 
Their (the people of God's) kingdom will be an eternal kingdom (cf 
Dan. vii, 27) and all their path will be in truth. They will jud[ge] the earth 
in truth and all will make peace. The sword will cease from the earth, 
and all the provinces will pay homage to them. The Great God (cf. Dan. 

II, 45) is their helper. He will wage war for them. He will give peoples 
into their hands and all of them (the peoples) He will cast before them 
(the people of God). Their dominion will be an eternal dominion (Dan. 
vii, 14) and all the boundaries of... 



Proto-Esther (?) 



(4Q550) 



A number of badly damaged fragments of an Aramaic writing report 
events said to have occurred in the Persian court, thus recalling the 
biblical story of Esther The script is dated to the second half of the first 
century BCE. J. T. IVIilik, in a very learned, but equally conjectural, 
manner, has reconstructed the background of the narrative, even 
restoring the name of Esther from an incomplete word beginning with 
the letters aleph and samekh. He has thus discovered an Aramaic 
model of Esther at Qumran, although no remains of the canonical 
Book of Esther have so far been found there. K. Beyer entitles the 
writing as Documents of Darius and classifies it as a legendary 
account relating to Darius I and Xerxes, kings of Persia, who 
apparently worshipped the God of the Jews. 

For the editio princeps, see E. Puech, DJD, XXXVII (forthcoming). 
See also J. T. IVIilik, 'Les modeles arameens du livre d'Esther dans la 
grotte 4 de Qumran', RQ 15 (1992), 321-406; K. Beyer, Die 
aramaischen Texte vom Toten Meer. Erganzungsband (Gottingen, 
1994), 113-17. 



4QProto-Esthei^ 



... [and they li]sten to Patireza, your father., and amid the officials of 
the royal apparel ... to work in the service of the king in accordance 
with all that you have received ... In that hour the king could not go to 
sleep (literally, his spirit was stretched) [and he commanded that the 
b]ooks of his father be read before him. And among the books there 
was a scroll [the mou]th of which [was] s[ealed] with seven seals by the 



signet-ring of his father Darius the heading of which ... [Darjius the l<ing 
to the officials of the l<ingdom, Peace. It was opened and read and in it 
was found: [... Dar]ius the King to the kings who will reign after me and 
to the officials of the kingdom, Pe[ac]e. It should be known to you that 
every tormentor and liar ... 



Proto-Esthei^ 



III The Most High whom you (Jews) fear and worship rules o[ver the 
whole e]arth. Everyone whom He wishes (comes) near. Bagasro ... 
Whoever speaks an evil word against Bagasro [will be] put to death for 
there is no-o[ne to destroy h]is good for [e]ver.... 



List of False Prophets 



(4Q339) 



This is a brief list of false prophets, recorded in Aramaic and 
paiaeographicaiiy Herodian in date. The first six names come from the 
Bible. The last two lines are completed by the editor as '[Hananiah son 
of Az]ur' (Jer. xxviii, 1) and '[a prophet from Gib]eon', interpreted as the 
continuation of the description of Hananiah (see ibid.). One may object 
to this reconstruction that all the previous names occupy a single line. 
The name of Yohanan ben Shim'on, i.e. John Hyrcanus I, son of Simon 
IVIaccabaeus, has been suggested by A. Rofe and E. Qimron. 
Hyrcanus I was thought to have been endowed with prophetic gifts (cf 
Josephus, Jewsh War I, 68-9; Antiquities XIII, 300), but the anti- 
Hasmonaean Qumran sect would have condemned him as a false 
prophet. This identification is distinctly possible, but owing to the 
fragmentary state of the line the reading is purely conjectural. 

For the editio princeps, see IVI. Broshi and A. Yardeni, DJD, XIX, 
77-9. 

The lying prophets who arose in [Israel: Balaam [son] of Beor (Num. 
xxii-xxiv); [the] elder from Bethel (1 Kgs xiii, 11-31); [Zedjekiah son of 
Ke[n]aanah (1 Kgs xxii, 11); [Ahajb son of K[o]liah (Jer. xxix, 21); 
[Zed]ekiah son of Ma[a]seiah (ibid.); [Shemaiah the Ne]hlemite (Jer. 
xxix, 24); ... ur; ... 'on. 



List of Netinim 



(4Q340) 



A badly mutilated fragment, dated to the first half of the first century 
BCE, lists the Temple servants or netinim referred to in the biblical 
Books of 1 Chronicles, Ezra and Nehemiah. The text is too broken to 
make good reading, but it proves that such lists were in circulation in 
late Second Temple times. 

For the editio phnceps, see IVI. Broshi and A. Yardeni, DJD, XIX, 
81-4. 

These are the netin[im] who have been identified by [their] na[mes]: 
Ithra and ... To[biah]. 



H. Miscellanea 




A cut segment from The Copper Scroll 



The Copper Scroll 



(3Q15) 



The Copper Scroll (3Q15), which has stimulated much curiosity and 
speculation, was found by archaeologists in Cave 3 during the 
excavations of 1952, but the metal had become so badly oxidized 
during the course of the centuries that the scroll could not be unfolded. 
It was therefore sent to Professor H. Wright Bal<er of the Manchester 
College of Science and Technology who, in 1956, carefully divided it 
into longitudinal strips and, in the same year, returned it to Jordan. It is 
part of the treasures of the Archaeological Museum of Amman. The 
Hebrew text, representing twelve columns of script, was published by 
J. T. Milik in 1962. It was preceded by a less trustworthy edition by J. 
M. Allegro, The Treasure of the Copper Scroll, London, 1960. 

The inscription lists sixty-four hiding-places, in Jerusalem and in 
various districts of Palestine, where gold, silver, Temple offerings, 
scrolls, etc., are said to have been deposited. Allegro reckoned that 
the treasure amounted to over three thousand talents of silver, nearly 
one thousand three hundred talents of gold, sixty-five bars of gold, six 
hundred and eight pitchers containing silver, and six hundred and 
nineteen gold and silver vessels. In other words, using the post-biblical 
value of the talent as a yard-stick, the total weight of precious metal 
must have added up to sixty-five tons of silver and twenty-six tons of 
gold. 

Who could have possessed such a fortune? Was there ever any 
truth in it? 

The answer is in the negative, according to J. T. Milik. In his view, 
the exaggerated sums indicate that the scroll is a work of fiction and 
that its chief interest to scholars lies in the fields of linguistics and 
topography. He dates it from about 100 CE, thus ruling out any 
connection with the rest of the Qumran writings since the latter were 



placed in the caves not later than 68 CE. 

The treasure was a real one according to other scholars, 
representing the fortune of the Essenes (A. Duporrt-Sommer, S. 
Goranson) or the Temple treasure (J. M. Allegro, N. Golb, A. Welters). 
According to Allegro, the Zealots were responsible for the 
concealment of the gold and silver and for the writing of the scroll. It 
has also been suggested that we are dealing here with funds collected 
for the rebuilding of the Temple after 70 CE, or with the hidden 
treasure of Bar Kol<hba, leader of the second Jewish revolution 
against Rome in 132-5 CE. 

Milik's argument would certainly seem to account for the vast 
quantities of treasure mentioned. It does not, however, explain two of 
the document's most striking characteristics, namely, the dry realism of 
its style, very different from that of ancient legends, and the fact that it 
is recorded on copper instead of on the less expensive leather or 
papyrus. For if it is, in fact, a sort of fairy-story, the present text can only 
represent the outline of such a tale, and who in their senses would 
have engraved their literary notes on valuable metal? 

The contention that the treasure was a real one is supported by the 
very arguments which undermine Miiik's. From the business-like 
approach, and the enduring material on which the catalogue is 
inscribed, it might sensibly be supposed that the writer was not 
indulging some frivolous dream. Again, in view of the fact that the 
Copper Scroll was found among writings known to come from Qumran, 
Dupont-Sommer and Goranson wouid appear justified in aiiocating the 
fortune to the Essenes. It requires, by comparison, a strong feat of the 
imagination to accept that all this wealth belonged originaiiy to the 
treasure chambers of the Temple, and that it was piaced in hiding, in a 
hostile environment, in 68 CE, before, that is to say, there was any 
immediate danger to the capital city of Jerusalem. Allegro bypassed 
this objection by presuming that, as Qumran was by then in the hands 
of the Zealots, it was no longer unfriendly to the Jerusalem authorities. 
But it has not yet been explained why the sack of the Temple and city 
should have been foreseen, and provided for, so early In favour of the 
Temple treasure hypothesis, it is nevertheless possible to envisage 
that the Jeoisalem sanctuary possessed such ricties as these. 



whereas, despite Dupont-Sommer's undoubtedly true remarks 
concerning the apparent compatibility of religious poverty arxl fat 
revenues, it is still hard to accept that the Essenes, a relatively small 
community, should have amassed such disproportionate wealth. 

This is all that can safely be said of the Copper Scroll at the present 
time. Further study of the original will allow scholars to improve many of 
the readings. Meanwhile students of Qumran are considerably in J. T. 
Milik's debt for his pioneering decipherment of an extremely difficult 
text. 

For the editio princeps, see J. T. Mi Ilk, DJD, III, 199-302. 

Further works to consult: A. Dupont-Sommer, The Essene Writings 
from Qumran, Oxford, 1961, 379-93; N. Golb, 'The Problem of Origin 
and Identification of the Dead Sea Scrolls', Proceed/ngs of ttie 
American Ptiilosoptiical Society 124 (1980), 1-24; S. Goranson, 
'Sectarianism, Geography and the Copper Scroll; JJS 43(1992), 282- 
7; A. Wolters, 'The Copper Scroll and the Vocabulary of Mishnaic 
Hebrew', RQ14 (1989-90), 483-95; 'Literary Analysis of the Copper 
Scroll', in Z. J. Kapera, ed., Intertestamental Essays in IHonourofJ. T. 
Miliii, vol. 1, Cracow, 1992, 239-54; Tiie Copper Scroll. Overvievf 
Text and Translation, Sheffield, 1996; 'Copper Scroll', in 
Encyclopedia of the Dead Sea Scrolls, ed. L. H. Schiffman and J. C. 
VanderKam, Oxford and New York, 2000, 144-8. 

Col. I 

1 . A Horebbah which is in the Vale of Achor under the stairs which 
go eastwards forty cubits: a box (filled with) silver weighing in all 
seventeen talents. KEN. 

2. In the tomb of... the third: 100 gold bars. 

3. In the great cistern which is in the courtyard of the little 
colonnade, at its very bottom, closed with sediment towards the 
upper opening: nine hundred talents. 

4. At the hill of Kohlit, containers, sandalwood and ephods 
(priestly garments). The total of the offering and of the treasure: 
seven (talents?) and second tithe rendered unclean. At the exit 
of the canal on the northern side, six cubits towards the cavity of 



immersion. XAT 

5. In the hole of the waterproofed refuge, in going down towards 
the left, three cubits above the bottom: forty talents of silver. 

Col. II 

6. In the cistern of the esplanade which is under the stairs; forty- 
two talents. HN 

7. In the cave of the old Washer's House, on the third platform: 
sixty-five gold bars. 0E 

8. In the underground cavity which is in the courtyard of the House 
of Logs, where there is a cistem: vessels and silver, seventy 

talents. 

9. In the cistern which is against the eastern gate, which is fifteen 
cubits away, there are vessels in it. 10. And in the canai which 
(ends) in it: ten talents. Al 

1 1 . In the cistern which is under the wall on the eastern side, at the 
sharp edge of the rock: six silver bars; its entrance is urxJerthe 
large paving-stone. 

12. In the pond which is east of Kohlit, at a nortfiem angle, dig four 
cubits: twenty-two talents. 



13. In the courty[ard of] ... in southerly direction [at] nine cubits: 
silver and goid vessels of offering, bowls, cups, tubes, libation 
vessels. In all, six hundred and nine. 

14. In the other, easterly direction dig sixteen cubits: 40 tai. of 
silver. TP 

15. In the underground cavity of the esplanade on its northern 
side: vessels of offering, garments. Its entrance is in the 
westerly direction. 

16. In the tomb on the norttveast of tfie esplanade three cubits 
under the trap(?): 13tal. 

Col. IV 

17. In the great cistern which is in the ... , in the pillar on its 
northern side: 14 tal[ents]. °K 



1 8. In the canal which goes [towards ... ] when you enter for[ty-o]ne 
cubits: 55 tal. of silver. 

19. Between the two tamarisk trees in the Vale of Akhon, in their 
midst dig three cubits. There there are two pots full of silver. 

20. In the red underground cavity at the mouth of the 'Asiah: 200 
tal. of silver. 

21 . In the eastem underground cavity at the north of Kokhlit: 70 tal. 
of silver. 

22. In the heap of stones of the valley of Sekhakha dig (...) cubits: 
12 tal. of silver. 

CoLV 

23. At the head of the water conduit ... [at] Sekhakha, on the 
northern side under the large ... dig [thr]ee cub[its]; 7 tal. of 
silver. 

24. In the split which is in Sekhakha in the east of the reservoir of 
Solomon; vessels of offering. 

25. Quite close to them above the canal of Solomon sixty cubits 
towands the great stone dig three cubits: 23 tal. of silver. 

26. In the tomb which is in the wadi of Kippah (going) from Jericho 
to Sekhakha, at its entry from Jericho to Sekhakha, dig seven 
cubits: 32 tal. 

Col. VI 

27. [In] the eastward-looking cave of the Pillar with two entrances, 
dig at the northern entrance three [c]ubits; there is a pitcher 
there, in it a book, under it 22 tal. 

28. In the eastward-looking cave of the base of the Stone dig nine 
cubits at the entrance: 21 tal. 

29. In the Dwelling of the Queen on the western side dig twelve 
cubits: 27 tal. 

30. In the heap of stones which is at the Ford of the High Priest 
Col. VII dig nine [cubits]: 22 ... tal. 

31 . In the water conduit of Q ... [the grea]ter northem reservoir, in 
the four direc[tions] measure out twenty-[fo]ur cubits: four 



hundred talents. 

32. In the nearby cave in the proximity of Bet ha-Qos dig six 
cubits: six silver bars. 

33. At Doq under the eastern corner of the guard-post dig seven 
cubits: 22 tal. 

34. At the mouth of the water exit of Koziba dig three cubits 
towards the rock: 60 tal., two talents of gold. 

Col. VIII 

35. [In ttie wajter conduit on ttie road east of Bet Ahsor, which Is 
east of Atizor, vessels of offiering and bool<s and a bar of 
sll[ver]. 

36. In the outside valley ... at the stone dig seventeen cubits 
underneath: 17 tal. of gold and silver. 

37. In the heap of stones at the mouth of the Pottery ravine dig 
three cubits: 4 tal. 

38. In the westward-looldng stubble-field of ha-Sho, on the south 
side, at tlie undergrourKi chamber lool<ing northwards dig 
twenty-four cubits: 66 tal. 

39. In tlie inigation of ha-Sho, at the stone sign in it, dig eleven 
cubits: 70 tal. of silver. 

Col. IX 

40. At ttie 'dovecot' (small opening?) at the exit of ha-Notef, 
measure out from its exit thirteen cubits, two tuslcs and, on 
seven smooth stones, bars (corresponding to) four staters. 

41. At 'Violet-scarlet' over (past?) the eastward-looking 
underground chamber dig eight cubits ... (?): 23>2. 

42. In the underground chambers of Horon, In the seaward-looking 
underground chamber In the narrow part (?) dig sixteen cubits: 
22 tal. 

43. At Qob'ah a large amount of money offerings (?). 

44. At the 'sound of waters' (waterfall) close to the edge of the 
gutter on the east side of the exit dig seven cubits: 9 tal. 

45. In the underground cavity on the north side of the mouth of the 
gorge of Bet Tamar In the parched land of ... (?), all that Is In It 



is herem (= devoted to the Temple). 

46. At the 'dovecot' which is at Mesad, at the [water] conduit, 

Col. X southward at the second stair descending from the top: 9 tai. 

47. In the cistern next to the canals fed by the Great Wadi, at the 
bottom: 12 tai. 

48. At the reservoir which is in Bet Kerem going to the ieft of ten 
notches: sixty-two taients of siiver. 

49. At the pond of the vaiiey of 'YK (?) on its western side is a 
ma'ah coin coupied with two ma'ahs. This is the entrance: three 
hundred taients of goid and twenty pitched vesseis. 

50. Under the 'Hand' (= Monument) of Absalom on the western 
side dig twelve notches: 80 tai. 

51 . At the pond of the privy of Siloa under the watering-trough: 1 7 
tai. 

52. [At ...Jin the four 

Col. XI angles: gold and vessels of offering. 

53. Next to them under the comer of the southem portico at the 
tomb of Zadol< under the pillar of the covered hall: vessels of 
offering of resin and offering of senna. 

54. Next to them at the ... (?) at the top of the westward-looking 
rocl< towards the garden of Zadok under the great closing stone 
which is at the conduit: devoted things. 

55. In the tomb which is under the galleries (?): 40 tai. 

56. In the tomb of the Sons of ... (?) the Yerahite, in it: vessels of 
offering of cedar, offering of resin. 

57. Next to them, at Bet-Eshdatain (Bethesda), in the reservoir 
where you enter the small pool: vessels of offering of aloes, 
offering of ... (?) 

58. Next to them, at the western entrance of the tomb is a channel 
over ... nine hundred [tai. of silver] 

Col. XII 5 tai. of gold. 

59. Sixty talents at its entrance from the west under the black 
stone. 



60. Near to them under the threshold of the sepulchral chamber: 
42 tal. 

61 . On Mount Gerizim under the stairs of the higher underground 
cavity a box and Its contents and 60 tal. of silver. 

62. At the mouth of the spring of Bet-Sham vessels of silver and 
vessels of gold of offering and silver. In all, six hundred talents. 

63. In the great underground duct of the sepulchral chamber 
towards the house of the sepulchral chamber. The whole 
weighing 71 talents and twenty minas. 

64. In the underground cavity which is In the smooth rock north of 
Kohllt whose opening is towards the north with tombs at Its 
mouth there is a copy of this writing and its explanation and the 
measurements and the details of each Item. 



Cryptic Texts 



(4Q249, 250, 313) 



A large number of minute papyrus fragments written in a cryptic script 
liave been assembled under the tide 4Q249. Ttie editor, S. J. Pfann, 
tias subdivided them into several units, the most important of which are 
The Midrash on the Book oflWoses(4Q249) and the cryptic Messianic 
Rule (4Q249a-i) reconstructed on the basis of 1QSa. The remainder 
(4Q249j-z; 250a-j; 313a-b) are mostly unidentified. The pieces are so 
small that they possess no independent significance. Even in the case 
of twenty-two fragments of the Messianic Rule the reconstruction 
presumes that the text of the Cave 1 manuscript is 'canonical'. Should 
it, like most other Qumran manuscripts, lack definite wording, the 
placement of the unconnected tiny scraps would become uncertain. 
The dating of the script of the Messianic Rule to the middle of the 
second century BCE is also highly questionable. It cannot have been 
written before the Community Rule and the Damascus Document and 
very likely belongs to the mid-first century BCE. 

For the editio phnceps, see S. J. Pfann, DJD, XXXV, 1-24; DJD, 
XXXVI, 51 5-701. 



4Q249 i 



(The letters in italics indicate the surviving text. The rest is hypothetical 
reconstruction. The examples below are meant to illustrate the nature 
of the conjectures. The presumed subject is leprosy and the cleansing 
of garments and of the house; cf. Leviticus xiv.) 



[As it is written,] And he went down (in) the house [of the king to tine 
secretary's cliamber (Jar. xxxvi, 12?)... F]or tlie [greenish arxl reddish] 
cavities (?) ... from under the [greenish or reddish (?)] ... [and after] 
being scraped in it to b[ring them out from ttie city] ... ifom the house 
... [the dust and] the sto[ne]s and the [wood] ... [after] removing the 
[stones] ... [the piague-spot has retumed] to Uie house and demolish 
[the house] ... [ai]/ vithout [plague-spot] in [it] ... one Oudge]/T)er)f ... 
[As it is written: the fish that is in the riv]er w// die (Ex. vii, 1 8?) in ... 



4Q249a,fr. 1 (=1QSa i, 4-8) 

[coming from iittie children] t[o women, and they shall read into their 
ears all the precepts of the Covena]nf and to ex[pound to them all their 
statutes that they may no longer stray in their err]ors. And [this is the 
Rule for all the host of the congregation, for every] na[tive] in /[srael. 
From his youth they shall inst]/i/[ct him] in the B[ook of Meditation and 
according to his age they shall make him understand the precepts of 
the Coven]a[nt. And he shall receive his discipline in their judgements 
for ten] years 



Two Qumran Ostraca 



In the spring of 1996 two Hebrew ostraca were found by Professor 
James F. Strange of the University of South Florida. They were 
discovered in the base of the eastern face of the wall separating the 
community centre from the cemetery. The script is dated to the first 
century CE. 

For the editio phnceps, see F. M. Cross and E. Eshel, DJD, XXXVI, 
497-508.?? 



Ostracon no. 1 



1 . In year two of the [...] 

2. in Jericho, Honi son of [ ] gave 

3. to 'El'azar son of Nahmani [ ] 

4. Hisday from Holon [ ] 

5. from this day to perpetui[ty] 

6. the boundaries of the house and [] 

7. and the fig trees, the ol[ive tree (?), and ] 

8. when he fulfilled (his oath) to the Community (?) [] 

9. and Honi [ ] 

10. tohimHis[day (?)] 

1 1 . and the [ ] 

12. And into the hand of [] 

13. [] 

14. Hisday servant of H[oni (?)] 

15. Holon 

The text documents the gift of a slave, together with an estate and 
produce. Reference is made to fulfilling an oath, or a period of time as 
a neophyte, to the Yahad in line 8, using the term kml{)wtwlyhd, 'when 
he fulfilled (his oath) to the Community". This terminology resembles 



that of the Community Rule (1QS vi), and as such may hint that this 
ostracon is a draft of an accounting (heshbon) of the Overseer.^ The 
proposed reading, especially in lines 4 and 8, has been queried by 
various scholars, Ada Yardeni among them ('A Draft Deed on an 
Ostracon from Khirbet Qumran', IE J 47 (1997), 233-7). According to 
Yardeni, instead of 'Hisday from Holon' (f Hsdy mHWn) one should 
read 'these sackcloths' ('t hsqym hllvlj, and instead of 'when he fulfilled 
(his oath) to the Community (\/\kmlwttw lyhcf), 'and every other tree' 
(v)kv\J yin 'hi). The damaged cursive script of the ostracon being what 
it is, Ada Yardeni's readings are perfectly possible. Nevertheless 
'sackcloths' at the head of a list of valuable gifts is quite out of place. 
Also, whereas the editors' yhd (Community) is questionable, their 
interpretation regarding the handing-over of personal property to the 
sect is supported by the absence of any indication of family 
relationship between the donor and recipient. Normally, a free gift, i.e. 
with no exchange of money presupposes close family links, for 
example a gift from father to daughter. 



Ostracon no. 2 



A second ostracon, written by a different hand of the same period, 
reads: 

1. (?) 

2. (?) 

3. [Jose]ph son of Nathna[el...] 

4. his [s]ons from 'En Gedi(?) 



I. Appendix 



ScroU Catalogue 

Perhaps the greatest disservice rerxJered to scholarship by Roland de 
Vaux and his successors resulted from their obstinate refusal to 
release the list of the unpublished texts from Caves 4 and 11. 
'Outsiders' were not only denied access to them but were not even 
allowed to know what exactly they were not permitted to see! We had 
to wait until the spring of 1992 for Emanuel Tov, editor-in-chief of the 
Dead Sea Scrolls Publication Project since 1990, to correct this 
injustice by releasing the long-awaited 'secrets' and publishing them, 
at my invitation, in the Journal of Jewish Studies. Here follows a 
complete inventory of ttie manuscripts and fragments discovered in the 
eleven Qumran caves together with source references for all the 
published textsJ For the final list of all the manuscript finds at Qumran, 
the other Judaean caves, Wadi Daliyeh, Khirbet Mird and Masada, 
see E. Tov, DJD, XXXLX, 27-1 14. 

NB. A list of the abbreviations used appears on pp. 91-2. 

CAVE1 



iQin^ CMBplete Isaish in Millar BnfTows«f«t,Tfte£>MtfSM 

SenUjvfSr Marlc'j Monaitny, I, New Haven. ig>o 
iQln^ Incomplete Isjijh in K. I.. Sukenik, Thf De.itl Sea StTvUt 

ef ijte HtbrrK Unhmity, Jenisalem, 1954 (HebivwX 
■955 (Engli*) 

iQipGw Genesis Apocryphon in N. Avigad mi Y. Yadfn, A 

Cnrir^pipj^Jeraialam, i$5« 
iQpHib Co— MHylliliim ImMBm llliiimnf<t,np. 

dt 

iQS riMii— "i) Ml ill man nwnm. Tin riMd Tw TiliJft 
■^iMnlVMiaiaM)hItbie.i,NnrHn«a,iy5i 



iQH 
iQM 



Hwifa^iiif I^pnBi in E> Ik SvInhI^ opt cib 
Wir Scnl ■ E. L. Srixdk sp. dt. 



UJO.I 

iQ 

i-iQGoi 

4-5.inl)c-ui' 

6=,(.)JiKle 
7>iQSani 

jalQEuk 

io-ii"iQPs*^ 

ij-iQphyl 
i4=iQpMic 
i5=iOpZcph 
■ «., (Jill's 
i7-i8.iQJub"'' 

>l-iQTL«i>r 
u-iQDM 

23-4'iQEjiGiaim 



iSmQSi 

'9 

30- 31 

31- iyjNar 
33.l<.>Mfr^ 

34-34 /.u.iQL.tPr^'' 

63-B 
«9 



Geneds 
Emdus 

Levirims in palaeo-HcllKW fcrj 

r)mi,T„t«.im 

I and i Sainiiel 



Phylactery 

Commenniy on Mklh 
Commcntaiyo 
Commcntaiyo 
Jobikes 



GiMiii ApocfTphoa 

AnoHie TcRunein of Levi 
Mm MkM (Saying) of Moae^ 
Book of Giants (Enoch) 
A]kK-n phal prophecjr 

Book of mysteries 

Sate of Coa(n|Mto (Anas 
Bta«Bciioiii (Aho B CemmBiv Snh) 

Litufpcsl text 
Liturgical tens 
Aramaic New Jerusalem 
War Scroll 
Liturgical prayers 
Thanlogini^ Hymns (iQH) 



Vim 



70-70 liir UnkfatificJpipyrasfcafinmw 



CAVE 2 



DJD, 111 








i>tQG«n 


GoMiis 




Exodus 


5B]QpaleoLev 


Lcvidcus in paUeo-Hebrew script 




Niimben 


lo-is«2QDeuc^ 


DeuteronoMjr 


ijuQJtr 






Mn 




J* 




IMi 


la-tQSir 


■diSn 


19-jo-iQJub** 


Jubilees 


2i.!QapM.)ic< 


VjwKTy]ihon 




Dj\ ill ApiKT) plion 




Apoaypfaal propbeqr 


a^aQJNv 


AxwaktmootfacNewjenMslem 


»S 




i<>iQEaGinB 


Book of C^mn (Enoch) 


»7-JJ 






CAVES 










l-3QEzck 


Ezdciel 


l.jOPs 


Psalms 




1 ..in)(.'ii[.iiic)ns 


4.}gplsa 


( ;i)inuK-ntiir>' un Isjuh 


5-3QJub 


Jul)ilees 


6-3QH)nii 


1 lyinn 


T}QTI<>i> 


Tcstinient of Jndih? 


8 


A «at ncatiooiaK ihe Angd of Pttoe 


9 


SecMriiaaai? 



xo-xs ttm tM — idrnrifinil THif n r frujmmilii 



12-13 Stu.iII iiiii.!^ ' . MchmBuaat 

14 Unidentilicd tr^giitciiLs 

iS-jQTrMtm Ca|ipvScPoU 



CAVE 4 







4Q 




»-».G«n"' 


rrami Finiliii 




Geaeas 




Parabiblical Genesis 




Title lag of Genesis 






I z^pjkdCicn'" 


(icncsis 




Exodus 






27-Niim^ 




DJD, XIV 




4Q 






Oeuterononqr 




dkn 




An 




dto 








ditto 




lIiico 




ditto 










47»Josh* 


Joshua 


48.Jmh'' 


(liito 


S4-Kgs 


Kings 



DJD,Xm 
















DJD.XV 




4Q 








70-Ja' 














Ano 




Minor DKwbM 










4Q 






FMhn 

di(*o 
ditto 












J. 




ikon 






HI* imBiiiM " 


y> 




loli fl rMW*"* 




io9>Qoh* 




iio-Ooh'' 




1, 1-1 am 














dinn 



nS-Cbr 



En 



4Q 

I lopjIetKiin Fa' 

45-4-paleoDeut^ 

loiapalefjob^ 

iiy-LXXLcv- 

isa^XXDciit 

ia3i^lc«Pjr.iJ<rth 

ll4-f>paleoUnidi-i 

4Q 

I56ai|gIi«T 

4Q 

159- Ord* 

160- ViiSun 
itfl-SapblT* 

itt-fiMle 

I 7o=pZcph 
171-pIV 



Deuteronomy 
Job 

GfeekLcvhiais 
Greek Numbers 



Creek Dcurcmnonqr 
Parjl.it>hc-Jl Joshua ftfc 

Unitlendlied frs. 




lt>h]K..]panpbi!iMS 
Unlinanoes 
VbionofSamual 
ComnratMin 00 bild 

Commeniiries on Hosea 
Commentary on Mic»h 
Commentary on Nihum 
Commentary on Zephiniah 
CxMtunentary on Psalms 
Commefuaiy on unkkntifieil 



Phylacterkt 
Mezuzot 



l«I 

«•» 

««7-9S 

l96-5)>Tob ar*^ 
300-Tob heb 

toj-EnGiano* 
io4-7»En^ 
208-1 laEium"' 
ti2aEn*«L«ner 
2i}aTLevi If* 
2i4«TLeviti^ 
ii5«TNiph 
si5» 



X90-)i«CatSpit^ 

s33-Topanyiiu 

I35>unidcnt. 
236>Psalm 89 




Tobicinil 
Tobit in Hrfmw 
Enoch 

dino (Ciants) 



.1 



Enixh jnd his Lcncr 
Anm. Test, of Levi 
ditto 

Hon «f Ki^lMNNMM 

Jubilees 

dino I ;-j8 

(iitm (H-jj 

dittu $$-6i 

ditto 63-85 

dino 87-94 

ditto 95-140 

ditto 141-75 

ditto 177-85 

Pst-ink-piprnphic work in 

Catalogue of Spirits 
New jerasakm in Hebrew 
Fn. with phce-names 

Scribil exercise 
Nabattan text 
CanceUed (-4Q98g) 



Vacant numbers 
DJD, XIX 
ditto 

MiUk, Bookf of Enoch 
(2>7D,XXXVD 

ditto 

tlltIO 
(into 
ditto 

XXXVI 
DJD, XIII 
ditto 
ditto 



PJD.XXXVl 

D7D,xxvn 



a 38- Words 
a4»iCaiiiiiiCaBtf 



S43-5-|MDan ar^ 



3474ApocWccki 



>5emnaMSM 
>5ial<gCoaiiB 



i(!«-7j.D'-'' 

J74.TohA 

a76-8.rohB 
1791^ Loo 
iBo-Cuncs 



xB4-Purif 

J85.SM1II1 
iM-90.Bcr" 



<lino(-4Q97) 
Words of judgement 



of Songs? 

C:ani-<^lled (-4Q481) 
Prjvfr uf Nabonidus 
Pseudo-Daniel in Anniaic 
Amnaic ipocilypae 
Apoealypie of Weeks 
ARB ofa Greek Kinf 



DJD.XXVm 
Unlocsiediteni 



DJD.XXn 



>9«>WocdlofS4^ 



Leyl r nnwumnry oa ig!D,XXXV 



DTD, XXVI 
DTD, XXXV 
ditto 

ojD, xvin 

C!70,XXXV 
DSD, XXVI 

Djn. \\\ I 
P70, xxix 

070, XXXVI 
ditto 

£170, XXXV 

ditto 

DJI). XXXVl 
DJD.Xl 
DJD.XXJX 
Z77D, XXXVI 

DTCXX 



miac. mica 
Damascn^^ 

Tohorot \ 

<;. 

TohofotB-C 
4L«> 



» • if,i 
lookofWar 



DidnkwoikC 




Wwdis(>Sattn«aiaf 
Dim 

Myuenes A^B 
Mjntenes C 
Ateooicoiy pmUe 



DJD, XXXVI 



3Xl^lebr 

}l|>C>>pfr 
]i4-i« 

3X9«MoQaGi^ 

3lUodftBnat 
3I9>0«K 

3SO-30aCil 

33I1>^>HW 

33»-3"HiK^ 

334>Or(la 

33S-<iAlll? 

337- 6Cd 

338- GeiMal 

339=FalsfProphs 

j4o=N\iin 

}41>ex«rciM; 




Ciypdc cext A MMT 
Cincelled 

Frs. on the phases of 
■he Moon (oyplic) 



One 

Calendar 
Historical « 
C 

diltoB-C 
Ordo 



Genealogical list 

List of False Prophets 
List 01 Netiniin 
Scribal exercise 



IMocandiKai 



DJD.XXXVl 

Mi liii.BoctarfBiioA, 
<8-9 

I!fD, XXXVI 
dino 

ditto 



DjfD,TOCCVI 

DJD. XIX 
ditto 

D7D, XXXVI 



4Q 



34a>LeCKrir 
343BLetteRitb 
344-Debt 



347-ftapDocar 

348=Dcctlhcbr 

349>Salchebr 

350- Cerealgr 

351- 4aCereal 
355-4aMoiiqr 



Letter in Judaeo-A 
Letter in Nabataetn 
Acknowledgement of debt 
Slkofluid in .Aramaic 
Aramaic deed on papviiis 
(Wncr-shifi lii ■mincnt in 
IKI»i.Av 

Hebrew sale of proper^ 

AooomHS ctwiiMBf 
List (^persons 
SoUmI tsensse 



36i=papD()odlcs 



Doodles on ptpynis 



362-}-(;n,-ptB Undeciphcred Crypdc B 

364-5-Kt-workPem'^ ReiA'Drked Pentateuch 

365a=4QTcmpIc? Temple Scroll 

j66-7-ReworkPenr^ Reworked Peatueoch 



370- Flood 

371- 3"Njit, 
}74>MosApA 

}77"Pent?\pB 
J7»*-Artodi-' 



3Sa-p>fipudClaai 

384=p.ii>.i[>JcrB 

jSsa.ApJiK:- 
385b-6=psEzck 



- Pnyer of Enodi 

FItMKt attmnnilinn 
N'.irr-ilivc coiii]KiMti<in 
M.mL-s A]K><.r> ph<in A 
M.>sLS A|X)cr\ phnii H 
PL-nlaicLith A|x>tr\ phi)ti i. 
Apocryphon of Joshua*"** 

lin-Kfaigs 

Apooypfial jLTfit>i:)h A 

dttoBr 1)11 p.ipvniv 
Pwudo-EMrljcl' 
Apociyphal Jeremiah C* 
Pseudo-Ezeldel 
AfncijiplHl Jeraniah C 



39i-p3ppKEzel^ 

j91-3-l.it 
394-9..\IM I"*^ 
400-407-Shir Shah*" 

4o8>Wisd 

4lowviaion 

411-3 

4l4.piinl 

415>Instr* 

41«-l8.lMtr'^-l 

4I9»lnstr-likc 

4JO^lBRi||lit*~** 



413-Insti* 

4i4=Instr-lil{e 

425-VVis<lB 



DJD.XXVm 

DjD, xni 

ditto 



070. XX\'IM 

,1 

I)JI>. MX 
dlitii 

nji). xxvm 
D^D.xxn 

070, xin 

DJD. XXX 
DJD. XIX 
DJD. XXX 
ditto 
dino 
ditto 



P70,XIX 
P7D,XXIX 

P7D.X 

DJD. XI 

DJD. XXXVI 

D7D. XX 
DJD. XXXV 
o}l). XXXIV 
ditto 

DJD. XXXVI 

0/0, XX 



D/D, XXXIV 

bstniction-Uke composition D^D^XXXVl 
B 07D,XX 



AfoonU 



MMT 

' Sungs of Sabbath 
Sacrifice*"*' 
Sapiential woric 

^^sictn and fawcfprctHiMi 

Sapirniial works 
Ritii.il <it puritic.iti<ni 
Insinicuiin 
ditto 

Instniction-likc composiiion 
Ways of RishtcousncK*^ 



426-WisdA 




dicn 


4i7-32«Hod*^ 






43)«Hod-like 










ditu 


434^BarlcP^ 


Barid iiafihi*~* 


ditao 




I. anient hv a leader 


ditto 


+40 n.Ki-iikc 


\\\,Tk similjrK. Hoilayoi 


<lino 


44oa-Il<Kl-l>kc 


\V'ork similar to I Itnlayoi 


070. XXXVI 


44obFr 


Fr. mentioning a coun 


dino 


44i-i»Pr 


Individual thanksgi%'ing A-B 


DJD.XXSX 


443 -Pr 


Penoiul pnyer 


diao 






diM 




Lmm 






gOtdCMlft ■ 


dino 




Apeoyffcil PmIm aad 


£90. XI 




pnyer 




449-56= pp. 


Praycr-i 


D7D.XXIX 


457a=(;rc.ii 


CJrtation 




457b>Hynin 


Escbatologicil hyma 


dino 








459-tf3Narr 






4ft4"Nnrr 






DJD, XXXVl 






4Q 






4tfy— Samtftn? 


^Tnt Mcmioiuiw Suntoo 












OngngMica «f dM Lord 




4A7«Jacob 


Text mendoning the 






Light of Jacob 




468a-d-Fn 


UnidentiBcd frsgmenti C 






}{isiorical texts F— G 




fffff-EfttiA 


F^hatological wgrit A 






CtDGcUed 










4tf8f-Uncl 






46Rk-llyn)n 


Hyninrc rcxt B 




468I-K.)il.i;<; 


! rniiiiiiinintt Koh. 1:9 




468m=UnidD 


L niilL-ntilicd in. IJ 




469>NaiTl 


Narr-itivc f 





468ceBUiiid 



Unidentified firs. D 



D70, XXVIII 





Fr. mcniioniiif Zodddili 


DJD. XL\ 


4^1 ■ W>r-likeB 


War Scroil-lila B 






Pblonial fr. 


DJD^XXXVl 










Pfayef ooncciiun^ God 




2 ■ F-^ch , 


Fsch3tolo|[ical work B 


ditto 




Ibljkhah C 


oyti, XXXV 


^73*1 ways 


Sapiential woric I'wo 


DJD, XXII 




Wayt 






Tax aa Rachel Mid JoMph 


D/DV XXXVI 














474SaBLitC 


Litiir|[icat work C 


ditto 


477= Rebukes 




Djn, XXXVI 




Fr. on tLstiViils 


!)yD, xxn 


479* On vid 


'FcJit on descendants of 














J. 


4SiWbliaed 




dim 




Vk>. MMiprtV BMrfn 


diOD 


48ibaNarr 




dhio 


4«ic=l'r 


Prayer for mer^ 


dhio 


48id^Ki'tl ink 


Fr. 


dino 


48 icvNarr 


Narrative H 


ditto 


£;fD,VII 






4Q 








Jubilees? on pap\Tnii 




48 j"p(icn* 


P^p. (."i-ncsis' 




484a'rjiid3l): 


rcMLinuTii (it jiululi- 




485-I^oph 


Prophetic or sapiential text 
<ri|iwiiil woric** 










48^BpapApocar 






490 


Related fimJ 




491 —7 ■ 


War*^ 






Hymns or sapicBliil voifc 




499-papHymPr 


Frs. of hynuuaiid|ingKn 
BcocdictioD 






Diif pnycn 





Piiyus for Festivals* ** 
Cantidet>ftheS*gc^ 
Rimlil 



507-9-PrF«at** 
5io-ii«Shir** 
5ii«pflpIUtPur 

DJ»bXXV 
4Q 

52i«McssApcx: 

522BPropl^osh 

513-Jonath 

5i4aTemple'* 

5S5«Beat 

SaMnc 

5l8>SapB 
529vA1ich 

534-6>NDah 
S37=riac 

540-41 -IXctt^ 
S4S-TQih«t 



Messianic Apocaljrpse 
Prophecy of Joshua 
Jonathan 
Temple Scroll^ 



Hymnic or Sapiential wolk B 

Aniiuic words of Michael 
Book of Giants (Enoch)^ 
Birth uf Noah 

Aramaic Testament of Jacob 
Anunaic Totament of Judah 
AiMMic TesMwnt of joMph 

icofQiiiit 



I>fD. XXXVII 
4Q 

5feiArEidi^ 

fflaDinSlM? 

5S6-8-\'is'* 
5 59»pap(^hronol 
56o«Exorc 

5«»-«iArT«tt*ArG 



Danid? 
FourK 
Ncwjenndeoi^ 

\^sions** 

Biblica] chronok^ 



A-G 



fTo-tMImlUU Ai— lewiiin M 

tTTanood TifiiMlniilin ihi Heed 

jT^bHIkB HittDficil UK B 

ST^iHpBa Hymnic work 

fBoaUnid Unidcnti6od AmmietntN 

fSl-Tot TenaaKm? 

itvVtii IMdmifieclAniiiuclesO 



CAVES 



070,111 
Sfi 

x4>Mt DetMerawmqr 
Kingi 

Saba buah 

4- Am Amos 

5- Ps ^ PMlm 

8*Pfayl Phylactery 

yaTopOa^mt Plac-c-ndmcs 

KMpMll Ap^Knphal Malachi 

Il-S S«rckh 

ii"D Damascu'. 

i3>S-lilce Fragment similar tu S 

i4BCunes Liturgical curses 

l5aJNar Annuic New Jeranlem 

X6-15-U1U1I SiniDinwIailifiedaDdiBKimifiedfcigiDeDii 



CAVE 6 



i-ptleoGeD G«DHitinpdHo-H0linw 

i-paleoLev Ltvkkwdtao 

3>Deut DwttfoooMy 

4- Kgt IC3iip 

5- Pb Pnlns 



6-Cam 

7Bp3pDan 

9-pnpSam/Kgs 
lovapProph 
ii-Vine 
■aaRpProph 

i4«Apocir 
15-0 



17-Cd 

iBvpapHym 
S9-Gen?ar 



I4r3i«aiiic 



Sm^ of Songs 

Daniel on pap>Tus 
Book ofC;i..mN(Fri.Hhi 
Samuel-Kin^ ;i[KH.T)'phon on lupyruN 
Apocryphal prophecy 
Allegory of the Vine 
Apocryphal pfophecy 

AfUMic AponlypM 

Damascus 
Benedict] ansa 
Clalcndar 
I lymns on p 

Aramaic text fditld 10 Gwito? 
Deutei I rnuiiy? 



edAn 



CAVE 7 



iipapLXXEi GmkEnda 

SaptpLXXEplcr Gntk Epistle of Jeremiah 

3-Sap«pGaiUM IhUmified Circck biblical fil.?> 

<-I<>pivUaid (MdoMificd dny frs.' 

19-GHnvr bvriMigfGndEptpsmsaiphnv 



CAVES 



8Q 

i-Ga 
>-F> 



laQi 



4-Mez Mcnuah 
J-Hym Uturgicalpoeni 



CAVE 9 

ojD,m 



CAVE 10 



CAVE 11 



iiQ 

lapdcoLer 



MHO-HAr.LCT. 









Lovmcot 




DnNBniBooqr 
EnkM 


f-rr 








7"" 










* — /I-L 

lilglHOtjOD 




■■lawtiC J|MMU rMUMV 




JubOees 


13-Melch 


Mdchizcdek 




Bcrakhah 




Hymns^ 


iT-SUrShab 


— iif Jim IP All nil 


x8-JN 


Nnrjcranlmi 



ifTampU' TanpkScnU yKliil.7I>rai«*&nff 

t-m 

loaTcmple^ Tcnple ScniO fis. dimaadD^XXIII 

a»TaiipU° TaivkSodF Ugl^Xjail 

si^i-Uaid UiUwifiedtaa 



QUMRAN TEXTS OF UNKNOWN ORIGIN 



XQi-4 PbybcnriD Yadin, ItfmiptK 



XQ5> Ten A DJIl, XXXVI 

XQsfe T«l 

XO7 



QUMRAN OSTRACA 



KkQ Oimaas igZUXXXVI 

KM) Omegaa dina 

KM} OmcMi) dhn 



I. The siglum DJD designates the series Discoveries in the 
JudaeanDesert published by Clarendon Press, Oxford. The following 
volumes have appeared so far: 

I. D. Barthelemyand J. T. Milil<, Qumran Cave I {^955). 

II. P. Benoit, J. T. IWilik and R. de Vaux, Les gmttes de Murabba'at 
(1961). 

III. M. Baillet, J. T. IVIililc and R. de Vaux, Les petites grottes de 
Qumran (^962). 

IV. J. A. Sanders, The Psalms Scroll of Qumran Cave II (1 965). 

V. J. M. Allegro and A. A. Anderson, Qumran Cave 4, 1 (4Q158- 
4Q1 86) (^968). 

VI. R. de Vaux and J. T Milil<, Qumran Grotte 4, 11: 1. 
Archeologie. 11. TeHllin, Mezuzot et Targum (4Q128-4Q157) 

(1977). 

VII. M. Baillet, Qumran Grotte 4,III(4Q482-4Q520) (1982). 

VIII. E. Tov, The Greek Minor Prophets from Nahal Never (^990). 

IX. P. W. Sl<ehan, E. Ulrich and J. E. Sanderson, Qumran Cave 4, 
IViPalaeo-Hebrewani Greel< Biblical Manuscripts(^992). 

X. E. Qimron and J. Strugnell, Qumran Cave 4, V.Miqsat 
Ma'aseHa-Torah (1994). 

XI. E. Eshel et al., Qumran Cave 4, VI:Poetical and Uturgical 
Texts, Part 7 (1998). 

XII. Eugene Ulrich, F. IVI. Cross ef al., Qumran Cave 4, VII: 
Genesis to Numbers (1 994). 

XIII. H. Attridge ef al., Qumran Cave 4, VIII: Parabiblical Texts, 
Part/(1994; in fact 1995). 

XIV. Eugene Ulrich and F. M. Cross, Qumran Cave 4, 
IX:Deuteronomv,Joshua,Judqes, Kinqs (1996). 



XV. E. Ulrich etal., Qjmran Cave 4, X: The Prophets (1 997). 

XVI. E. Ulrich et a/., Qumran Cave 4, XI: Psalms to Chronicles 

(2000) . 

XVII. F. M. Cross et al., Qumran Cave 4, XII: 1-2 Samuel 
(forthcoming). 

XVIII. J. M. Baumgarten, Qumran Cave 4, XIII, The Damascus 
Document (4Q266- 4Q273) (1 996). 

XIX. M. Broshi et al., Qumran Cave 4, XlV.Parabiblical Texts, 
Part// (1995). 

XX. T. Elgvin etal., Qumran Cave 4, XV:Sapiential Texts, Part I 
(1997). 

XXI. S. Talmon et al., Qumran Cave 4, XVI: Calendrical Texts 

(2001) . 

XXII. G. Brooke etal., Qumran Cave 4, XVII: Parabiblical Texts, 
Part ///(1 996). 

XXIII. F. Garcia Martinez ef a/., Qumran Cave II, 11:11 Q2-1 8, 
11Q20-30(^998). 

XXIV. M. J. W. Leith, Wadi Daliyeh 1: Wadi Daliyeh Seal 
Impressions (1 997). 

XXV. E. Puech, Qumran Grotte 4. XVIII: Textes hebreux (4Q521- 
528. 4Q576-579) (^998). 

XXVI. p. Alexander and G. Vermes, Qumran Cave 4, 
XIX:4QSerekh Ha-Yabadand Two Related Texts (1998). 

XXVII. H. Cotton and A. Yardeni, Aramaic, Hebrew and Greek 
Documentary Texts from Nahal Never and Other Sites, wth 
an Appendix Containing Alleged Qumran Texts (The Seiyal 
Collection) (1997). 

XXVIII. D. M. Gropp, Wadi Daliyeh II: The Samaria Papyri from 
Wadi Daliyeh. E. Schuller eta/., Qjmran Cave 4, XXVIII: 
Miscellanea, Part 2 (2001 ). 

XXIX. E. Chazon ef al., Qumran Cave 4, XX: Poetical and 
Liturgical Texts, Part 2 (1999). 

XXX. D. Dimant, Qumran Cave 4, XXI.Parabiblical Texts, Part 4: 
Pseudo-Prophetic Texts (2001 ). 

XXXI. E. Puech, Qumran Cave 4, XXII: Textes arameens, 
premiere partie: 4Q529-549 (2001 ). 



XXXII. p. W. Flint and E. Ulrich, Qumran Cave I, //The Isaiah 
Scrolls (forthcoming). 

XXXIII. D. Pike and A. Skinner, QumranCave 4, XXIII: 
Unidentmed Fragments (2001 ). 

XXXIV. J. Strugnell etal., Qumrar) Cave 4, XXIV:4Q. hstructiorjs: 
4Q415ff.{^999). 

XXXV. J. Baumgarten et a/., Qumran Cave 4, 
XXV:HalakhicTexts (1 999). 

XXXVI. S. Pfann, Cryptic Texts; P. Alexander et al., Qumran 
Cave 4, XXV/.Miscellanea, Parti (2000). 

XXXVII. E. Puech, Qumran Cave 4, XXW/.Textes arameens, 
deuxieme partie: 4Q550-575,580-582 (forthcoming). 

XXXVIII. J. Charlesworth ef al., Miscellaneous Texts from the 
Judaean Desert (2000). 

XXXIX. E. Tov ef al., The Texts from ffie Judaean Desert: 
Indices and an Introduction (2002). 

2. Frs. 19-21 have been identified as belonging to Jubilees by M. 
Kister, RQ 12 (1985-7), 529-36. 

3 and 4. The latest views are that 7Q4, 7Q8 and 7Q11-14 represent 
remains of chapters 1 00 and 1 03 of the Greek version of the Book of 
Enoch. Cf. E. A. Muro Jr., RQ 18 (1997), 307-12; E. Puech, RQ 18 
(1997), 313-23. 



Index of QumranTexts 



Figures in bold indicate the classification of fragments; other figures 
are page numbers. 



IQS 
I 

1,11-12 

I, 24-11, 1 
1-111,11 
l-IV 

II 

II, 4-7 
11,19 

II, 21-23 
III 

III, 1 
111,4-5 
111,9 

III, 12-IV, 25 
IV 

IV, 4-6 
IV, 18 

IV, 21 

V 

V, 1 

V, 1-20 
V, 1-VI,7 
V-IX 
V-XI 



VI 

VI, 7-10 
VI, 14 
VI, 15 
VI, 16 
VI, 16-17 
VI, , 18 

VI, , 20 
VI-VII 
VII 

VII, 3-4 
VII, 4 
VII, 9-10 
VII, 10-12 
VII, 13 
VII, 13-14 
VII, 14-15 
VII, 15-16 
VII, 17 
VII, 17-18 
VII, 18-19 
VII 

VII, 20-21 
VII, 20-VIII, 10 
VII, 23 

VII, 24-IX,10,15 
VIII 

VIII, 1 
VIII, 1-9 
VIII, 11-10 
VIII, 4-IX,11 
VIII, 5 



VIII, 6 
VIII, 6-21 
VIII, 9 
VIII, 11-15 
VIII, 15 

VIII, 15b-IX,11 
IX 

IX, 11 
IX, 12 

IX, 15-X,3 

IX, 25 

IX- XI 
X 

X, 4-12 
X,9 

X, 12-18 

X- XI 
XI 

XI, 

XI, 14-15 
IQsa 
IQsa, i 
IQSb 

V, 20-29 
IQH 
Mil 

IV-XXIII 

fr.7 

fr.8 

frs 46, 55, 56 
IQM 



Ill 

IV 

V 

VI 

VII 

VIII 

IX 

X 

XI 

XII 

XIII 

XIV 

XV 

XV-XIX 

XVI 

XVII 

XVIII 

XIX 
IQapGen 
IQpHab 
IQ-3Q 
IQI4 
1Q15 
1Q16 
1Q17-18 
1Q19 

fr. 1 

fr.3 

frs 13-14 
1Q19b/s 
1Q20 
1Q21 



1Q22 
1Q23-4 

1Q26 

1Q27 

1Q28a 

1Q28b 

1Q29 

1Q32 

1Q33 

1Q34,34Ws 

1Q35 

1Q36 

1Q37-40 

2Q19-20 

2Q21 

2022 

2024 

2026 

304 

3015 

4QD 

4QMMT, B 58-9 
4Qplsa 

40proto-Esther 

40Sd 

40Se 

40 fragments 
4088 

VII-VIII 

IX-X 
40119 
40119-22 
401 20 



fr.20 
4Q212 
4Q122 
4Q126 
4Q127 
4Q156 

fr.1 

fr.2. 
4Q156-7 
4Q157 
4Q158 

frs 1-2 
4Q159 

frs 2-4 
4Q160 

fr.1 

frs 3-5 
4Q161 

frs 5-6 

frs 8-10 
4Q161-4 
4Q161-5 
4Q162 
4Q163 
4Q164 
4Q166 
4Q166-7 
4Q167 

fr.2 

frs 7-9 
4Q168 
4Q169 



frs1-2 
4Q170 
4Q171 
4Q172 
4Q173 
4Q174 
4Q175 
4Q176 
4Q177 

frs7, 9,10-11 20,26 
4Q179 

fr.2 
4Q180 
4Q181 
4Q182 
4Q183 
4Q184 
4Q185 
4Q186 

fr. 1 

fr.2 
4Q196 

fr.2 

fr.6 

fr.13 

fr.14i 

fr. 14ii 

fr.17 

fr. 18 
4Q196-9 
4Q1 96-200 
4Q197 

fr.4 



fr.5 
4Q198,fr. 1 
4Q200 

fr.2 

fr.4 

fr.6 

fr.7 
4020112 
4Q203 
4Q204 
4Q206 

fr. 1 xxii 

fr. 1 xxvi 
4Q208 
4Q209 

fr.7 
4Q213,fr. 1 
40213-14 
40213a 
40213b 
40214, fr.2 
40214a 

fr.1 

fts2^ 
40214b, frs 2-6 
40215 

fr. 1 

fr.2 
40215a 

fr. 1 ii 
40216 
40216-28 



4Q217 
4Q218 
4Q219 
4Q220 

fr. 1 
4Q221 
4Q222 
4Q223-4 
4Q225 

fr.2 
4Q225-7 
4Q226 

fr.7 
4Q227 

fr.2 
40228 
4Q232 
40242 
4Q243,fr. 3 
40243-5 
40244 
40245 

frs 1 i-ii 
40246 
40247 
40248 

fr. 15 
40249 
40249a-h 
40249a-i 
40249j-z 
40249a, fr.1 
402491 



4Q250 

4Q250a-j 

4Q251 

frs1-2 

frs 4-7 

fr.8 

fr.9 

fr.16 

fr.17 
4Q252 

fr.1 
4Q252-4 
4Q252 ii 
4Q253 

fr.1 

fr.3 
4Q253a 
4Q254 

fr.1 

frs 5-6 
4Q254a,fr.3 
4Q255 
40255-64 
40256 
40257 
40258 
40259 
40264a 
40265 

fr.1 

fr.2 

fr.3 



fr.4 
fr.6 
fr.7 
fr. 7 ii 

40265- 73 
40266 

frs 1 a-b 

fr.2 

fr.2i 

fr.5 

fr.6 

fr.6i 

fr. 6 iii-iv 

fr.8i 

fr.9ii 

fr.10 

fr.11 

40266- 73 
40267 

fr.1 

fr. 5 ii 

fr. 9 iv 

fr. 9v 
40268 
fr.1 
40269 

fr.4 

fr. 8 i-ii 

fr.11 i-ii 
4O270 

fr.3 

fr. 3 ii-iii 
fr. 3 ill 



fr.7 

fr. 7 i-ii 
4Q271 

fr.2 
4Q272, fr. 1 
4Q273 

fr.2, 

fr.4i 

fr.4ii 
4Q274 

fr. 1 i 

fr.2i 

frs 3 i-ii 
4Q275 
40276 
40277 
40279 
4O280 

fr.2 
40284, fr. 1 
40285 

fr.1 

fr.4 

fr.7 

fr.8 
40286 

fr. la ii 

fr.2 

fr.3 

fr.5 

fr. 7a i 
40286-7 



4Q286-90 
4Q287 

fr.3 

fr.6 

fr. 10 
4Q288 
4Q298 

frs1-2i 

frs3-4 ii 
4Q299 

fr. 1 

fr.2i 

fr.3a 
4Q299-301 
4Q300 

fr.1 ii 

fr.1a 

fr.5 
4Q301,fr.1 
4Q302 

fr. 2 ii 

fr. 3 ii 
4Q306 
4Q313 
4Q313a-b 
4Q317 
4Q318 
4Q319 

frs1-3 

frs 2-5, 9, 23 

frs5-8 
4Q320 

fr.1 i 



fr. 4 Hi 
4Q320-30 
4Q321 

fr.1 

fr.2 

fr.3 

frs4-5 

fr.4 

fr.5 
4Q321a 
4Q322 
40325 

fr.1 

fr.2 
4Q326 
4Q328 
4Q331 

fr. 1 i 

fr. 1 ii 
40331-3 
40332 

fr.2 

fr.3 
4Q333, fr. 1 
40334 

frs2-4 
40339 
4O340 
40364, fr.3 



4Q364-7 
40365 

fr. 6a ii 

fr.6b 

fr.6c 

fr.23 
4Q365a 
40369 

fr.1 

fr.2 

frs3-9 
4O370 
40371-3 
40372 

fr.1 

fr.3 
40373 

frs1-2 

fr. 19 
40374 

fr.2 
40374-7 
40375 

fr.1 
40376 

fr.1 
40377 

fr. 2 ii 
40378 

fr.6i 

fr.11 

fr.14 

fr. 22 1584 



4Q379 

fr. 1 

fr. 12 

fr. 17 

fr.22 

fr. 22 ii 
4Q380 

fr.i 

fr.2 
40380-81 
4Q381 

fr.i 

fr. 15 

fr. 17 

fr.24 

fr.31 

fr.33 

fr.45 

fr.46 

fr.69 

frs 76-7 
4Q382 

fr.104 
4Q383 
4Q384 
4Q385 

fr.2 

fr.3 

fr.4 

fr.6 
4Q385a 

fr.4 



fr.5 

fr.18 
4Q385b 
4Q385C 
4Q386 

fr. 1 

frs 1 ii-iii 
4Q387 

fr.2ii 

fr.2iii 

fr.3 
4Q387a 
4Q388 
fr.7 

4Q388a 

fr.7 

fr.7ii 
4Q389 
4Q390 

fr. 1 

fr.2i 
4Q391 
4Q392 

fr.1 

frs 2, 5 
4Q393 
4Q394 

frs 1-2 

frs 3-7 i 

frs 3-7 ii 

fr. 8 iii 

fr. 8 iv 
4Q394-9 



4Q395 

4Q396 
frs. 1-2i 
frs. 1-2 ii 
frs. 1-2 iii 
frs. 1-2 iv 

4Q397 
frs. 1-2 
fr.3 
fr.5 
frs 6-13 
frs 14-21 

4Q398 
frs 1-3 
frs. 11-13 
frs. 14-17 i 
frs 14-17 ii 

4Q399 

4Q400 
fr. 1! 
fr.2 

4Q400-407 

4Q401,fr.14 

4Q402,fr.4 

4Q403 
fr.H 
fr. 1 11 

4Q404-5 

4Q405 
frs. 14-15 i 
fr.19 
fr. 20 ii 



fr.23i 

fr. 23 ii 
4Q408 

fr.3 

fr.3a 
4Q412423 

fr. 1 
4Q413 
4Q414 

fr.2ii 
4Q415 
40415-18 
40416 

fr.1 

fr.2i 

fr.2ii 

fr.2iii 

fr.4 
40417 

fr.1 i 

fr.2i 

fr. 2 ii 

fr.5 
40418 

fr.2 

fr.8 

frs9-10 

fr.10 

frs. 43-45 i 
fr.55 
fr.69 
fr.81 
fr.1 03 ii 



4Q418a 
4Q418b 
4Q420, fr. 1 
4042-21 
40421 

fr.1 

fr.1 ii 

fr.lai 
40422 
40423 

frs1-2 

fr.5 

fr.8 
40424 

fr.1 

fr.3 
40427-32 
40431, fr.1 
40433a, fr. 2 
40434 

fr.1 

fr. 1 ii 

fr.2 

fr.7b 
40434-5 
40434-8 
40435, fr. 1 
40436 
40437,fr. 2 i 
40439 

fr.1 i 
4Q444 



frs1-4i 
4Q448 
4Q462 
4Q462-4 
4Q463 
4Q464 
4Q468e 
4Q470 

fr.1 

fr.3 
4C5471 
4Q471a 
4Q471b 
4Q473 
4Q475 
4Q477 

fr.2 
4Q481a 

fr.2 
4Q482(?) 
4Q491 

frs11-3 

fr. 11 
4Q491-7 
4Q492 
4Q493 
4Q497 
4Q501 
4Q502 
4Q503 

frs7-9 

fr.11 
4Q504 



fr.3 
fr.4 
fr.6 

fr. 8 recto 
4Q504-6 
4Q507,fr. 1 
4Q507-9 
4Q508 

fr.1 

fr.2 

fr.3 
4Q509 

fr.3 

fr. 132 
4Q510 
4051 0-11 
4Q511 

fr. 1 451-2 

fr.2 

fr.8 

fr. 18 

frs28-9 

fr.30 

fr.35 

fr.63 

fr. 63-4 
4Q512 

fr. 11 

frs 29-32 

frs 42-44 ii 
4Q513 

frs 11-2 



frs2-4 
4Q513-14 
4Q514 
4Q521 

fr.2 

fr.7 
4Q522 

fr.9 
4Q523 
4Q524 
4Q525 

fr.2 

fr.5 

fr. 14 ii 
4Q529 

4Q530,frs2,6-12 
4Q530-33 
4Q531,fr.22 
4Q534 

fr.7 
4Q534-6 
4Q536 
4Q537 

fr.12 
40537^1 
4Q538-9 
4Q540-41 
4Q541 

fr.9 

fr. 24 ii 
4Q542 
4Q543 

fr.1 



4Q543-9 
4Q543a 
4Q544 

fr. 1 

fr.2 
4Q545 
4Q546 
4Q546d 
4Q547 
4Q548 
4Q549 
4Q550 

4Q552, fr. 1 ii 

4Q552-3 

4Q554,fr.1 

4Q554-5 

4Q561 

509 

5Q11 

5Q12 

5Q13 

5Q15 

608 

6Q15 

6Q19 

6023 

7Q1 

7Q1-2 

702 

7Q3-19 

704 

705 



7Q6 

7Q7 

7Q8 

7Q10 

7Q15 

11Q 

11Q5 

11Q10 

11Q11 

11Q12 

11Q213 

frs1-4 
11Q14 
11Q17 

vii 

viii 

11Q18 
fr.20 
11Q19-20 
11Q19-21 
11C520 
11Q29 
11QT 



lll-XII 
V, 16-18 
XIII-LXVII 
XVII, 11 
XXXVIII, 4-15 
XLV, 11-12 
Lll, 17-18 
LVIII, 16-18 



LXIV, 6-13 
LXVI, 15-17 



CD 

I, 1 
II 

II, 1 
III 
IV 

IV, 19-21 

IV, 20-V, 11 
V 

V, 13-14 

V, 18-VI,2 
VI 

VI, 20-VII 
VII 

VIII 
IX 
IX, 1 
IX, 
IX, 

IX, 16-20 

X 

XI 

XI, 3 

XI, 13-14 

XI, 16-17 
XII 

XII, 1-2 



XIII 
XIV 

XIV, 5-6 
XV 
XVI 
MS. A 
MS.B 



Damascus Document MSS, Cave 4 
Masada 1039-200 
Masada 1039-211 fr. A 

Ostraca 
no. 1 
no. 2 



Major Editions of Qumran Manuscripts 



Microfiche Edition 

E. Tov, ed. The Dead Sea Scrolls on Microfiche (Leiden, 1992); A 
Companion Volume to the Dead Sea Scrolls Microfiche Edition, 
Leiden, 1995. 



Ptiotograptlic Edition 

Robert H. Eisenman and James M. Robinson, eds., AFacsimile 
Edition of the Dead Sea Scrolls, l-ll, Washington, 1 991 . 



CD-ROM Edition 

T. H. Lim, The Dead Sea Scrolls Electronic Reference Library, Vol. I, 
Oxford/Leiden, 1907. 



Computer Reconstructed Edition 

B. Z. Wacholder and M. G. Abegg, A Preliminary Edition of the 
Unpublished Dead Sea ScmllsUW, Washington, 1991 — 5. 



Cave I 

M. Burrows, J. C. Treverand W. H. Browniee, The Dead Sea Scroiis of 
Sf Mark's IVIonastery, I, New Haven, 1950 (contains Isaiah^, Habal<l<ul< 



Commentary); 11/2, New Haven, 1951 (Manual of Discipline = IQS). 
There is no 11/1 . 

E. L. Sukenik, The Dead Sea Scrolls of the Hebrew University, 
Jerusalem, 1954-5 (contains Isaiah'', War Rule, Thanksgiving Hymns). 
D. Barttielemy and J. T. Milik, Discoveries in VneJudaean Desert, 
l:Qumran Cave I, Oxford, 1955 (contains all the fragments from IQ). 
N. Avigad and Y. Yadin, A Genesis Apocryphon, Jerusalem, 1956. 
M. IVIorgenstern eta/., The hitherto unpublished columns of the 
Genesis Apocryphon', Abr-Nahrain 33 (1955), 30-52. 
P. W. Flint and E. Ulrich, Discoveries in the Judaean Desert, 
XXXII:Qumran Cave /, ll:The Isaiah Scrolls (forthcoming). 



Caves 2-3 and 5-10 

M. Balllet, J. T. Milik and R. de Vaux, Discoveries in theJudaean 
Desert ofJordan, III: Les petltes grottes de Qumran, Oxford, 1962 
(contains fragments and the Copper Scroll). 



Cave 4 

J. M. Allegro and A. A. Anderson, Discoveries inthe Judaean Desert 
ofJordan,V:\ (4Q1 58-4Q1 86), Oxford, 1968 (contains mostly 
exegetical fragments). For editorial improvements, see J. Strugnell, 
'Notes en marge du volume V des Discoveries in the Judaean Desert 
ofJordan;RQ 7 (1970), 163-276. 

J. T. IVIilik, The Bool<s of Enoch: Aramaic Fragments of Qumran 
Cave 4, Oxford, 1976. 

R. de Vaux and J. T. IVIilik, Discoveries in the Judaean Desert, 
Vi:Qumran Grotte 4, llil.Archeologie. ii. Tefillin, Mezuzot et Targum 
(4Q128-4Q157), Oxford, 1977- 

M. Baillet, Discoveries in the Judaean Desert, VII: Qumran Grotte 4, 
III (4Q482-4Q520), Oxford, 1982 (contains fragments of the War Rule 
and remains of liturgical and sapiential compositions). 



Carol Newsom, Songs of the Sabbath Sacrifice: ACritical Edition, 
Atlanta, 1985. 

Judith E. Sanderson, An Exodus Scroll from Qumran: 
4Qpa/eoExocPand the Samaritan Tradition, Atlanta 1986. 
Eileen M. Schuller, Non-Canonical Psalms from Qumran: A 
Pseudepigraphic Collection, Atlanta, 1986. 

P. W. Skehan, E. Ulrich and Judith E. Sanderson, Discoveries in the 
Judaean Desert, IX: Qumran Cave 4, IV, Palaeo-Hebrewand Greek 
Biblical Manuscripts, Oxford, 1992. 

R. H. Eisenman and M. Wise, The Dead Sea Scrolls Uncovered, 
Shaftesbury/ Rockport, Mass., 1992. 

E. Qimron and J. Strugnell, Discoveries in the judaean Desert, 

X:Qumran Cave 4, V, Miqsat Ma'aseHa-Torah, Oxford, 1994. 

E. Eshel ef al.. Discoveries in the judaean Desert, XI:Qumran Cave 

4, VI: Poetical and Liturgical Texts, Parti, Oxford, 1998. 

Eugene Ulrich, F. M. Cross etal., Discoveries in the judaean Desert, 

XII:Qumran Cave 4, VII, Genesis to Numbers, Oxford, 1 994. 

H. Attridge et al.. Discoveries in the judaean Desert, XIII : Qumran 

Cave 4, VIII, Parabiblical Texts, Parti, Oxford, 1994; intact 1995. 

Eugene Ulrich and F. M. Cross, Discoveries in the judaean Desert, 

XIV. Qumran Cave 4, IX: Deuteronomy, Joshua, Judges, Kings, 

Oxford, 1996. 

E. Ulrich ef al., Discoveries in the judaean Desert, XV: Qumran Cave 
4, X, The Prophets, Oxford, 1997. 

E. Ulrich et al.. Discoveries in the Judaean Desert, XVhQumran Cave 
4,X/;Psalms to Chronicles, Oxford, 2000. 

F. M. Cross et al.. Discoveries in the Judaean Desert, XV//.Qumran 
Cave 4, XII: 1-2 Samuel (forthcoming). 

J. M. Baumgarten, Discoveries \n the Judaean Desert, XV///;Qumran 
Cave 4, XIII, The Damascus Document ('4Q266-^Q273J,Oxford, 
1996. 

M. Broshi et al.. Discoveries in the judaean Desert, XIILQumran Cave 
4, XIV, Parabiblical Texts, Part II, Oxford, 1995. 
T. Elgvin et al., Discoveries in the Judaean Desert, XX: Qumran Cave 
4, XV, Sapiential Texts, Part / (1 997)- 

8. Talmon et al.. Discoveries in the Judaean Desert, XXI: Qumran 



Cave 4, XVI: Calendrical Texts, Oxford, 2001 . 

G. Brooke et al.,Discoveries in the judaean Desert, XXII: Qumran 

Cave 4, XVII, Parabiblical Texts, Part ///, Oxford, 1996. 

E. Puech, Discx)veries in the Judaean Desert, XXW- Qumran Grotte 

4, XVIII, Textes hebreux(4Q521-528, 4Q576-579), Oxford,1998. 

P. Alexander and G. Vermes, Discoveries in the Judaean Desert, 

XXV/.Qumran Cave 4, XIX: 4QSerekh Ha-Ya,had and Two Related 

Texts, Oxford, 1998. 

E. Schuller et a/.. Discoveries in the Judaean Desert, XXV///.Qumran 
Cave 4, XXVIII:Miscellanea,Part 2. Oxford, 2001 . 
E. Chazon eta/., Discoveries in the Judaean Desert, XX/X;Qumran 
Cave 4, XX; Poetical and Liturgical Texts, Part 2, Oxford, 1999. 

D. Dimant, Discoveries in the Judaean Desert, XXX;Qumran Cave 4, 
XXI: Parabiblical Texts, Part 4: Pseudo-Prophetic Texts, Oxford, 2001 . 

E. Puech, Discoveries in the Judaean Desert, XXX/;Qumran Cave 4, 
XXII: Textes arameens, premiere partie: 4Q529 — 549, Oxford, 2001 . 

D. P/te and A. Skinner, Discoveries in the Judaean Desert, 
XXXIII:QumranCave 4, XXIII:Unidentified Fragments, Oxford, 2001 . 
J. Strugnell et al.. Discoveries in the Judaean Desert, XXX/U.Qumran 
Cave 4, XXIV: 4Qlnstructions: 4Q4151T., Oxford, 1999. 

J. Baumgarten et al., Discoveries in the Judaean Desert, 
XXXV:Qumran Cave 4, XXV:Halakhic Texts, Oxford, 1999. 
P. Alexander et al.. Discoveries in the Judaean Desert, 
XXXVI:Qumran Cave 4, XXVI:Miscellanea, Part /, Oxford, 2000. 

E. Puech, Discoveries in the Judaean Desert, XXXVII:Qumran Cave 
4, XXVII: Textes arameens, deuxieme partie: 4Q550- 575, 580-582 
(forthcoming). 

G. L. Doudna, 4Q PesherNahum: a Critical Edition, Sheffield, 2001 . 



Cave 11 

J. A. Sanders, Discoveries in the Judaean Desert of Jordan,IV:The 

Psalms Scroll of Qumran Cave 11(IIQPsa), Oxford, 1965. 

J. P. M. van de Ploeg, A. S. van der Woude and B. Jongeling, Le 



Targum deJob de la grotte XI de Qumran, Leiden, 1971. 

Y Yadin, Megillat ha-Miqdash I — III, Jerusalem, 1977 (English edition. 

The Temple Scroll I— III, Jerusalem, 1983). 

D. N. Freedman and K. A. Matthews, The Paleo-Hebrew Leviticus 
Scroll (IIQpaleoLev), Winona Lake, 1985. 

E. Qimron, The Temple Scroll: A Critical Edition wth Extensive 
Reconstructions (Beer-Sheva/jerusalem, 1996). 

F. Garcia Martinez et ai.. Discoveries in the Judaean Desert, XXIII: 
Qumran Cave 11, 11:11 Q2-18,IIQ20-30, Oxford, 1998. 



Unidentified Cave 

y. Yadin, TefUlin from Qumran (XQPhyl 1-4), Jerusalem, 1969. 



Other Judaean Desert Caves 

H. Cotton and A. Yardeni, Discoveries in the Judaean Desert, 
XXVII:Aramaic, Hebrew and Greek Documentary Texts from Nahal 
Hever and Other Sites, with an Appendix containing alleged Qumran 
texts (The Seiyal Collection II), Oxford, 1997. 

J. Chariesworth et ai.. Discoveries \nthe Judaean Desert, XXXVIII: 
Miscellaneous Texts from the Judaean Desert, Oxford, 2000. 



Wadi Daliyeh 

M. Leith, Dlscx)veries in the Judaean Desert, XXIV WadI Daliyeh /.- 
WadI Daliyeh Seal lmpresslons,OxSoni, 1 997. 
D. M. Gropp, Discoveries in Vne Judaean Desert, XXVIIhWadi 
Daliyeh II: The Samaria Papyri from Wadi Daliyeh, Oxford, 2001 . 



Damascus Document 



M. Broshi, The Damascus Document Reconsidered, Jenjsatem, 
1992. 



General Bibliography 



I. Qumran Bibliographies 

B. Jongeling, A Classified Bibliograpliy of tlie Finds in tlie Desert of 
Judah: 1958—1969,Le\den, 1971. 

J. A. Fitzmyer, The Dead Sea Scrolls: Major Pubiications and Toois 
for Study, Missoula, Montana, 1975; 2nd edn, 1977; Atlanta, 1990. 
F. Garcia Martinez and D. W. Parry, A Bibliography of the Finds in the 
Desert of Juc/a/7 1970—1975, Leiden, 1996. 



2. General Studies and Monographs 

M. Burrows, Tlie Dead Sea Scrolls, New York, 1955. 

T. H. Gaster, The Dead Sea Scriptures in English Translation, 

Garden City, New York, 1956; 3rd edn, 1976. 

G. Vermes, Discovery in the Judean Desert, New York, 1956. 

M. Burrows, More Light on the Dead Sea Scrolls, New York, 1958. 

F. M. Cross, The Ancient Library of Qumran and Modern Biblical 
Studies, New York, 1958; Grand FRapids, 2nd edn, 1980; 3rd edn, 
Sheffield, 1996. 

J. T. Milik, Ten \fears of Discovery in the Wilderness 
ofJudaea.London, 1959. 

A. Dupont-Sommer, The Essene Writings from Qumran, Oxford, 1961 . 

G. Vermes, The Dead Sea Scrolls in English, London, 1962; 2nd edn, 
1975; 3rd edn, 1987; 4th edn, 1995. 

G. R. Driver, The Judaean ScroZ/s.The Problem and a Solution, 
Oxford, 1965. Edmund Wilson, The Dead Sea Scrolls 1947— 
^969,London, 1969. 

R. de Vaux, Archaeology and the Dead Sea Scrolls, Oxford, 1973. 
G. Vermes, The Dead Sea Scrolls: Qumran in Perspective, London, 



1977; Philadelphia, 1981; 2nd edn, London, 1982; 3rd edn, London, 
1994. 

G. W. E. Niokelsburg, Jevish Literature Between the Bible and the 
Mishnah, Philadelphia and London, 1981. 
P. R. Davies, Qumrar), Guildford, 1982. 

B. Z. Wacholder, The Dawi ofQumran: The Sectarian Torah and the 
Teacher of Righteousness, Cincinnati, 1983. 
D. Dimant, 'Qumran Sectarian Literature' in IVI. Stone, ed., 
JewshWhtings of the Second Temple Period, Assen and 
Philadelphia, 1984. 

M. A. Knibb, The Qumran Community, Cambridge, 1987. 

P. R. Davies, Behind the Essenes: History and Ideology in the Dead 

Sea Scrolls, Atlanta, 1987. 

P. R. Callaway The History of the Qumran Community, Sheffield, 
1988. 

S. Talmon, The World of Qumran from Within, Jerusalem/Leiden, 
1989. 

G. J. Brooke, ed., Temple Scroll Studies, Sheffield, 1989. 

L. H. Schiffman, ed., Archaeology and History in the Dead Sea 

Scrolls, Sheffield, 1990. 

M. O. Wise, A Critical Study of the Temple Scroll from Qumran Cave 

II, Chicago, 1990. 

H. Shanks, ed.. Understanding the Dead Sea Scrolls, Washington, 

1992. 

F. Garcia Martinez, Qumran and Apocalyptic: Studies on the Aramaic 
Texts from Qumran, Leiden, 1992. 

D. Dimant and U. Rappaport, eds.. The Dead Sea Scrolls: Forty 
Years of Research, Leiden, 1992. 

J. Trebolle Ban-era and L. Vegas IVIontaner, eds.. The Madrid Qumran 
Congress 1991, Vols. I-II, Leiden, 1992. 

J. A. Fitzmyer, Responses to 101 Questions on ffie Dead Sea 
Scrolls, London, 1992. 

E. Ulrich and J. C. VanderKam, eds.. The Community of the 
Renevied Covenant, Notre Dame, 1994. 

J. C. VanderKam, The Dead Sea Scrolls Today, Grand 
Rapids/London, 1994. 



B. Nitzan, Qumran Prayer and Religious Poetry, Leiden, 1994. 

A. Steudel, Der Midrascli zur Esctiatologie aus der 

Qumrangemeinde (4QMidrEschaf'^), Leiden, 1994. 

L. H. Schiffman, Reclaiming the Dead Sea Scrolls, Pfiiiadeiplnia, 

1994. 

F. Garcia IVIartinez, The Dead Sea Scrolls Translated: The Qumran 
Texts in English, Leiden, 1994. 

J.-P. Humbert et al., Fouilles de Khirbet Qumran et de ATn Feshkha I, 
Album de photographies - Repertoire du fonds pbotographigue - 
Synthese des notes de chantier du Fere Roland de Vaux OP, 
Fribourg/Gottingen, 1994. 

D. D. Swanson, The Temple Scroll and the Bible: The Methodology 
ofllQT, Leiden, 1995. 

G. J. Brool<e, ed.. New Qumran Texts and Studies, Leiden, 1995. 

J. IVIaier, Die Qumran-Essener. Die Texte vom Toten Meer HI, 

IVlunich, 1995. 

N. Golb, Who Wrote the Dead Sea Scrolls? - The Search for the 
Meaning of the Qumran Manuscripts, New Yorl</London, 1 995. 
F. Garcia IVIartinez and J. Trebolle Barrera, The People of the Dead 
Sea Scrolls, Leiden, 1995. 

J. G. Campbell, The Use of Scripture in the Damascus Document 
1—8. 19—20, Berlin, 1995. 

P. R. Davies, Sects and Scrolls: Essays on Qumran and Related 

Top/cs, Atlanta, 1996. 

H. J. Fabry etal., Qumranstudien, Gottingen, 1996. 

J. G. Campbell, Deciphering the Dead Sea Scrolls, London, 1996; 
Oxford, 2002. 

D. W. Parry and S. D. Ricks, eds.. Current Research and 
Technological Developments on the Dead Sea Scrolls, Leiden, 

1996. 

D. J. Harrington, Wisdom Texts from Qumran, London/New Yorl<, 
1996. 

U. Wise, IVl. Abegg and E. Cook, The Dead Sea Scrolls: A New 
Translation, London/San Francisco, 1996. 

J. Kampen and M. J. Bernstein, eds., Reading 4 QMMT, Atlanta, 
1996. 



S. Metso, The Textual Development of the Qumran Community 
Rule, Leiden, 1997. 

J. J. CoWlns, Apocalypticism and the Dead Sea Scrolls, London, 
1997. 

P. W. Flint, The Dead Sea Psalms Scrolls and the Book of Psalms, 
Leiden, 1997. 

M. Bernstein ef a/., ecte.. Legal Texts and Legal Issues, Leiden, 1997. 
C. A. Evans and P. Fiint, eds., Eschatology, Messianism and the 
Dead Sea Scrolls, Grand Rapids, 1997. 

S. E. Porter and C. A. Evans, eds., The Scrolls and the Scriptures: 
Qumran Fifty Years After, Sheffieid, 1997. 

H. Stegemann, The Qumran Library: On the Essenes, Qumran, John 
the Baptist and Jesus, Grand Rapids/Cambridge, 1998. 
J. Zimmermann, Messianische Texte aus Qumran, Tubingen, 1998. 
J. H. Chariesworthetai., eds., Qumran-Messianism, Tubingen, 1998. 
iVI. E. Stone and E. Cliazon, eds.. Biblical Perspectives: Early Use 
and interpretation of the Bible in Light of the Dead Sea Scrolls, 
Leiden, 1998. 

Ch. Hempei, The Lam of the Damascus Document Leiden, 1998. 
J. C. VanderKam, Calendars in the Dead Sea Scrolls, London/New 
Yorl<, 1998. 

iVl. Abegg, P. Fiint and E. Uirich, The Dead Sea Scrolls Bible, San 
Francisco, 1999. 

E. Uirich, The Dead Sea Scrolls and the Qrigin of the Bible, Grand 
Rapids, 1999. 

J. R. Daviia, Liturgical Works, Grand Rapids, 2000. 

L. H. Schiffman, E. Tov and J. C. VanderKam, eds.. The Dead Sea 

Scrolls Fifty Years after their Discovery 1947 — 1997, Jerusalem, 

2000. 

T. H. Lim ef a/., eds.. The Dead Sea Scrolls in their Historical 
Context, Edinburgh, 2000. 

E. J. C. Tigcheiaar, To Increase Leaming for the Understanding 
Qnes: AQInstructions, Leiden, 2001 . 

T. H. Lim, H. L. iVIacQueen and C. iVI. Carmichaei, On Scrolls, 
Artefacts and intellectual Property, Sheffield, 2001 . 
T. H. Lim, Pesharim, Sheffield, 2002. 



J. Gascoigne et a/., eds., Dead Sea Scrolls Special Issue: Journal of 
Religious History 2612, 2002. 

J. H. Charlesworth, The Pesharim and Qumran History, Grand 
Rapids/Cambridge, 2002. 

P. R. Davies, G. J. Brooke and P. R. Callaway, eds., The Complete 
World of the Dead Sea Scrolls, London, 2002. 

E. D. Herbert and E. Tov, eds.. The Bible as Book: The HebrewBible 
and the JudaeanDesert Discoveries, London, 2002. 

J. Magness, The Archaeology of Qumran and the Dead Sea Scrolls, 
Grand Rapids, 2002. 

3. ^Ungual Editions, Concordance, 
Encyclopedia, Qumran Hebrew and Aramaic 

J. H. Charlesworth et al., eds.. The Dead Sea Scrolls: /. Rule of the 
Community and Related Documents; 2. Damascus Document, War 
Scroll and Related Documents, ^nge//c /./fuAgy, Tubingen/Louisville, 
1994—9. 

F. Garcia Martinez and E. J. C. Tlgchelaar, The Dead Sea Scrolls 
Study Edition l-ll, Leiden/Grand Rapids, 2000. 

M. G. Abegg et al., The Dead Sea Scrolls Concordance. /. The Non- 
Biblical Texts from Qumran, Leiden, 2003. 
E. Qimron, The HebrewolVne Dead Sea Scrolls, Atlanta, 1986. 
L. H. Schiffman and J. 0. VanderKam, Encyclopedia of the Dead Sea 
Scrolls, l-ll. New York, 2000. 

K. Beyer, Die aramaischen Texte vom Toten Meer, Gottingen, 1984; 
Erganzungsband, 1994. 

T. Muraoka, ed., Studies in Qumran Aramaic, Abr-Nahrain, Suppl. 3, 
Leiden, 1992. 



4. Introductions 



E. Schurer, G. Vermes, F. Millar and M. Goodman, The History of the 



Jewsh People in the Age of Jesus Christ, III, parts 1 — 2, Edinburgh, 
1986. 

G. Vermes, An Introduction to the Complete Dead Sea Scrolls, 
London, 1999/ Minneapolis, 2000. 

J. VanderKam and P. Flint, The Meaning of the Dead Sea Scrolls: 
their significance for understanding the Bible, Judaism, Jesus and 
Christianity, San Francisco, 2002. 



5. The Scrolls and the New Testament 

K. Stendahl, ed.. The Scrolls and the NewTestament, London, 1 958. 

M. Black, The Scrolls and Christian Origins, London, 1 961 . 

J. Murphy-O'Connor, ed., Paul and Qumran, London, 1968; New York, 

1990. 

M. Black, ed.. The Scrolls and Christianity, London, 1969. 

J. H. Charlesworth, ec/.,Jo/7nanc/ Qumran, London, 1972; New York, 

1990. 

G. Vermes, Jesusand the Worid of Judaism, London, 1 983; 
Philadelphia, 1984. 

R. Eisenman, Maccabees, Zadokites, Christians and Qumran, 
Leiden, 1983. 

M. Newton, The Concept of Purity at Qumran and in ffie Letters of 
Paul, Cambridge, 1985. 

° N. S. Fujita, ACrackin the JanWhat Ancient Jewsh Documents Tell 
Us about the NewTestament, New York, 1 986. 
R. Eisenman, JamestheJustin the HabbakukPesher, Leiden, 1986. 
J. H. Charlesworth, ed., Jesus and the Dead Sea Scrolls, New 
York/London, 1992. 

F. H. Cryer and T. L. Thompson, eds., Qumran between the Old and 
the NewTestament, Sheffield, 1998. 

J. R. Davila, ed.. The Dead Sea Scrolls as Background to Postbiblical 
JudaismanA Early Christianity, Leiden, 2003. 

G. Vermes, Jesus in his Jewsh Context, London/Minneapolis, 2003. 



General Index 



Page references in italics indicate illustrations. Abbreviations are as 
on the list on pages 91-2. 



Aaron 

Messiati of 

sons of. 
abbreviations, list of 
Abegg, Martin 
Abratiam 

and astrology 

covenant with God 

death 

story of 
Absalom, House of 

Accelerator IVIass Spectrometry (AMS) 

Admonition Associated with the Flood 

Aemilius Scaurus (governor of Syria) 

afterlife 

'Age of Wrath' 

Ages of the Creation 

Agrippa 1 

Aland, Kurt 

Albright, W. F., in. 

Alcimus, High Priest 

Alexander the Great 

Alexander, P.. 

Allegro, John IVlarco 

on ammanita muscaria 

and Copper Scroll 



DJDV, 

ammanita muscaria (a fungus) 

Amram, Testament of 

AMS, see Accelerator Mass Spectrometry 

Anderson, A. A., DJDV, 

animal bones found at Qumran site 

Antiochus IV Epiphanes 

Antipas, Prince 

apocalyptic writings 

Apocalyptic Chronology 

Aramaic Apocalypse 

Messianic Apocalypse 

Triumph of Righteousness or Mysteries 
Apocrypha 

Apocryphal Psalms 

biblically based apocryphal works 
Apocryphal Weeks 
apostasy 

Aramaic manuscripts and 
apocrypha 

Aramaic Apocalypse 

Aramaic Bible Translations (Targums) 
archaeology 
Archelaus, Herod 
assemblies 

assembly of all the camps 

assembly of the camp 

assembly of the Congregation 

see also Council of the Community 
astrological physiognomies 
Astronomical Book of Enoch 
Athanasius, Mar 
Atonement, Day of 
Attridge, H. 



Avigad, N.. 



Babylonia 
Baillet, Maurice 

DJD 111, 

DJD VII, 
Balaam, prophecy of 
Balakros 

see also Balas, Alexander 
Balas, Alexander 
Bar Kokhba (Jewish rebel leader) 
Barki nafshi (Bless, my soul) 
Barthelemy, Dominique 
Baruch, Apocalypse of 
'bastards' 
bathing, ritual 
battle formations 
Baumgarten, J. M.. 

DJD XVIII, 

DJDXXXV 
Beatitudes 

Bechtel, Elizabeth Hay. 
Belial 
curses of 

see also Melkiresha' 
Ben Asher codex 
Ben-Dov, J. 
Benedictions 

see a/so blessings 
Benoit, Pierre 
Berakhot 
Bernstein, IVI. 
Beyer, K. 



Bible 
biblical canon 

biblically based apocryphal works 
commentaries/interpretation (pesharim)-z 
Aramaic translations (Targums) 

Catenae or Interpretation of Biblical Texts on the Last Days 

Consolations o/'Tanhumim 

in Damascus Document 

Florilegium or IVIidrash of the Last Days 

Greek documents 

Heavenly Prince Melchizedek 

historical information within 

of law on marriage 

Ordinances or Commentaries on Biblical Law 
Testimonia or Messianic Anthology 
The Reworked Pentateuch 
Undentifiable Text Commentary 

New Testamentn 
textual reliability 

see also specific books of the Bible 
Biblical Archaeology Review(BAR) 
Biblical Archaeology Society 
birds' nests 
Bless, My Soul 
blessings 

Blessings of Jacob 

Book of Blessings 

see also Benedictions 
Boismard, M.-E. 
Bonani, G.. 
Brady, M. 
brontologion 
Brooke, George J.. . 
Broshi, Magen. 



Brownlee, W. H. 

Burrows, Millar 

Bursar of the Congregation . 



Cairo genizah manuscriptsand n., 
calendars 

Calendars of Priestly Courses 

Calendric Signs (Otot) 

Calendrical Document C 

MMT sectarian 

Phases of the Moon 

Zodiacal Calendar with a bmntologion 
camps, see towns 

Canaan, Sermon on the Conquest of 
Cansdale.. 

capital punishment, see death penalty 

Catenae or Interpretation of Biblical Texts on the Last Days 

celibacy. 

cemetery at Qumran 

chariots 

charity 

Charlesworth, J. H. 
Chazon, E. 
children 

entering the Covenant 

excavated bones 
chosen people 
Christianity 

and the Community 

Jewish Christianity 
Chronicles, Books of 
chronology 
'Church Orders' 



circumcision 
city of the Covenant 
Ciaudius, Emperor 
codicoiogy, Hebrew 
Coiiins, J. 

common ownership 
common tabie 

exciusion from 
Community 
Four Ciasses of 
history 

contribution of Scrolls 

history of the Essenes 
list of rebuked members 
as a plant 
religious ideas 

the Covenant 

election and holy life 

future expectations 

worship 
structure and rules of 

at Qumran 

Community cont'd in towns/camps towns and Qumran compared and 
linked see also Essenes 
Community Rule 
on healing 
on immortality 
infringements and penalties 
manuscripts 
from Cave 1 
from Cave 4 
hybrid 
on meals 
on Mosaic Law 



no reference to women 
number of copies 
on punctuality 

see aiso Damascus Document 
Concordance and 
Confession Rituai 
Congregation. 

assembly of 
see also Council of the Community 

Bursar of. 

dismissal from 

joining 

judges of 

Messianic Rule 

providing for all needs 

qualification for 

slandering 

speaking to 

standards of 

see also Community 
Congregation, Prince of 

Blessing of 

'horoscope' 
Congregation, Rule of see Messianic Rule 
Consolations or Tanhumim 
contemplative life 
converts 

Remonstrances before Conversion 
Coponius (Roman prefect) 
Copper Scroll 
Council of the Community 

at Qumran 

Community Rule on 

Habakkuk Commentary on 



hybrid Community Rule on 

Messianic Ruie on 

in towns/camps 
Covenant 

community of 
eiection and tioiy iife 
future expectations 
worship 

entry into 

Feast of the Renewai of 

new 

oath of 

unfaithful to 

see aiso Community 
Creation, Psalm of the 
Creation, The Ages of 
Cross, F. M.and .. 
Crown, A., 
crucifixion 
Cryptic Texts 
curses 

of Beiiai. 

and expulsion 

on insincere conversion 

of Melkiresha' 



Damascus Document- 
on the Council of the Community 
on the Guardian 
historical information in 
manuscripts 

Exhortation 

from Cave 4 



statutes 
on the Messiah 
number of copies 
penai code 
on purification 
on sl<in disease 
and 'sons of dawn' 
and Tempie Scroii 
and towns/camps 

assembiies 

code of iaw 

Guardian's quaiifications 
head of 'camp' 
initiation of members 
priests 
on 'Wicl<ed Priest' 
'Damascus, land of 
Daniei, Bool< ofand 

Para-Danieiic writings 
Darius i, King of Persia 
dating of the Scroiis 
David, King 
descendants 

iVIoses (or David) Apocryphon 

poetry of 
de Vaux, Father Roiand 

dating the Scroiisand . 

and publication of the Scrolls. 
Dead Sea Scrolls 

catalogue 

dating 

discovery of 

greatest novelty 

lack of historical texts 



'liberation' in 1991 
and the New Testament 
number and content 
provenance 

and Qumran and towns/camps 
research and publication 
1947—1967 
1967—1990 
1990—2003 
significance 
Dead Sea Scrolls Bible 
death, life after 
death penalty 
Demetrius III, King 
Deuteronomy, Book of 
dietary restrictions, see food 
Dimant. 

Discoveries in tlie Judean Desert (DJD) 
Divine Office, Order of 

Divisions ofttieTimes, Bookofthe see also Jubilees 

Donceel-Voute, Pauline. 

Driver, Godfrey and 

dues, priestly 

Duhaime,J. 

Dupont-Sommer, Andreand 



Ecclesiastes, Book of 

Ecclesiasticus, Book of see also Jesus Ben Sira 
Egypt 

Eisenman, Robertand and . 
Eleazar, son of Nahmani. 

election 
Elgvin, T. 



Elibah, an elder 
Elisha Apocryphon 
Enoch 

and Book of Giants 

Book of 

Prayer of Enosh and Enoch 
'Ephraim' 
Eshel, Esther 
Eshel, Esther & Hanan 
Eshel, Hanan. 
Essenes 
disappearance 
and early Christian Church 
Feast of Pentecost 
hidden treasure 
history 
chronological framework 
concealed references in the Scrolls 
decipherment of particular allusions 
membership 
and Qumran. 
religious ideas 
The Covenant 
election and holy life 
future expectations 
worship 
writings and library 
see also Community 
Esther, Book of Proto-Esther. 
Eusebius 
exhortations 
Damascus Document 
Exhortation to Seek Wisdom 
Master's Exhortation to the Sons of Dawn 



MMTC 
Exodus, Book of 

Historico-theological Narrative based on Genesis and Exodus 

Parapfirase of Genesis and Exodus 
Exodus, Sermon on tlie 
exorcism, poems of 
expulsion from tlie sect 
Ezel<iel. 

Bool< of 

Pseudo-Ezel<iel 
Ezra 



Fall<, Daniel 
False Prophets, List of 
feasts and festivals 
agricultural 

liturgical calendar and 
Pentecost (Feast of Weeks) 
prayers for 

Renewal of the Covenant 
'fifteen men' 

Fight against Evil Spirits 
firstfruits 

Firstfruits, Day of 
Fitzmyer, J. A... 
Flint, P. 
Flood 

Admonition Associated with the Flood 

see also Noah 
Fieri legium orMldrash on the Last Days 
Flusser. 
food 

blessing 



dietary restrictions 
fruits 

priests exciuded from eating 
pure 

see also common tabie 
Foundations of the Community 
Four Ciasses of the Community 
Four Kingdoms 
Freedman. N.. 



Gaiiiee 

Gamaliel II, Patriarch 
Garcia Martinez, F.. 

DJD XXIII, 

DJDXXXVI 
garments, pureS 
Genesis 

Apocryphon 

commentaries 
Commentary C 
Commentary D 

Historico-theological Narrative based on Genesis and Exodus 
and Jubilees 
Paraphrase of 
Gentiles 

attacking 

interaction with 

slaves converted to Judaism 

and the Wicked Priest 
Giants, Book of 
Ginzberg. 

gleanings see also tithes 
Glessmer, U. 



Gog 

Golb, Normanand 
Goliath, David and 
Goodman, Martin... 
Goranson, J. 
Greece 

cuiture and Jewisli liistory 

as enemy 

Greel<s referred to as Kittim 
Greel< manuscripts and 

Tobit 
Greenfieid, J. C. 
Groningen liypotliesis 
Guardian (mebaqqer) 

psaim recitai 

at Qumran 

in towns/camps 

in towns/camps and at Qumran compared 
see aiso IVIaster 



Habal<l<ul< Commentary 
interpretation of 'Lebanon' 
portrait of Kittim 

on Teacher of Righteousness and Wicl<ed Priest 
Haial<hahA 
Haial<hah B 
Hananiah Notos 
Hananiah, son of Sim[on] 
Harding, G. Lanl<ester 
Harrington, D.J. 
harvesting 
Hasidim 
Hasmonaeans 



Heavenly Lights, Words of the 
Hebrew texts 

alphabet acrostics 

Aramaic translations 

Helnemann, J. 

hekhaloth (heavenly palaces) 
Henning, W. 
Herod Archelaus 
Herod the Great 

Hidden Scrolls from the Judaean Desert (Sukenik) 
HIrschfeld, Yizhar. 
Historical Texts 
A 

C-E 
F 

history, see Community, Jewish history 
Holiness, council of 
Holocaust of the Sabbath, Songs for 
Horbury, W. 

'horoscopes' 

Hosea, Commentaries on 
Huntington Library, California and 
Hunzlnger, Claus-Hunno 
hymns 

Hymn Celebrating the Morning and the Evening 

hymn ending Community Rule 

Hymn of Glorification A and B 

Hymnic Fragment 

on resurrection 

for the Sabbath Day 

Songs for the Holocaust of the Sabbath 

Teacher of Righteousness and 

Thanksgiving 

war 



see also poetry; psalms 
Hyrcanus see John Hycanus I; John Hyrcanus II 



ideology, Scrolls and New Testament 

idolatry 

immortality 

initiation into the sect . 

injuries, compensation for 

Isaac sacrifice of 

Isaiah, Book of Commentaries on 

Israel 

blessing of 

'company of Israel' 

in days of Moses 

desert and town brethren and 

judges from tribe of 

rank of the Israelites 

Scrolls and New Testament and 

slander against 
Israel Anquities Authority (lAA) 
Israel Department of Antiquities 



Jacob 

Blessings of 

Testament of 
James (brother of Jesus) 
Jannaeus, Alexander 
Jason, High Priest 
Jeremiah 

Apocryphon of 

Letter of 
Jerusalem 



Community living in 
Essene library inand 
hidden treasure 
history 

Hellenization of 

Antiochus and 

Wicked Priest and 

'last priests of 

Romans and 

destruction of 
New Jerusalem texts 
Poetic Fragments on 
prophecies regarding 
Jesus benSira 
Jesus of Nazareth 
birth 

Scrolls and study of 

as Teacher of Righteousness or Wicked Priest 
Jewish history 

Apocalyptic Chronology or Apocryphal Weeks 

contribution of Scrolls 

Historical Texts 

history of the Essenes 

inter-testa mental 

recording of 
Job 

Targum of 
John the Baptist 
John the Essene 
John Hyrcanus I 
John Hyrcanus II 
Jonathan, King/High Priest 

identity ofand 

see also Jannaeus, Alexander; Maccabaeus, John 



Jonathan, son of Absalom 

Jongeling, B.. 

Joseph 

Apocryphon nowNarrative and Poetic Composition 

Testament of 
Josephus, Fiavius 

on Community history 

on the Essenes.andn. 

on Essene beiiefs and practices 
Joshua 

Apocryhon (i) or Psaims of Joshua 

Apocryphon (ii) 

Prophecy of 
Joshua ben Hananiah, Rabbi 
Josiah, King 
Jubilees. 
Judaea 

Judah, House of blessing of hymn to 

Judah, Testament of 

Judaism 

Community and 

Gentile slaves converted to 

Jewish Christianity 

priests' status 

rabbinic 

see also Jewish history 
Judas Aristobulus II 
Judas (Essene prophet) 
judges 

Judges, Book of 
Jull, A. J. T.. 



KhirbetQumran. 



cemetery 

date of occupation and 
excavation of 
expuision of Essenes from 
popuiation 

see aiso Qumran caves 
King-iVlessiah 

Kings, Bool<s of Eiisha Apocryphon Paraplirase on 

Kister, iVIenaliem 

Kittim 

Kittim, cont'd 
in Habal<l<ul< Commentary 
war with 

see also Romans 
Knibb, M. A. 



Laenas, Poppiiius 

Lamecli (fatlier of Noali) 

Lamentations, Bool< of 

ianguage of the Scroiis and New Testament 

Larson, E. 

Lash, iVlajor-Generai 

Last Days, interpretation of Bibiicai Texts on the orCatenae 
Last Days, iVIidrash on orFioriiegium 
Last Supper 
Latin manuscripts 
Law 
Bool<s of 

Councii of the Community and 
Essenes and 

infringements and penaities 

interpretation 
novices and 



obedience to 

Ordinances or Commentaries on Bibiicai Law 
Propliets and 

see also iVIoses, Law of; Ruies 
Lazar, Rabbi 
Leader's Lament, A 
Lebanonand n. 
Lehman, M. R. 
Leontopoiis Jewisli tempie 
ieprosy 

Levi (destroyer of Sliecliem) 
Levi, Patriarch. 
Testament of 

Testaments of the Patriarchs 
Levites 
biessing of 
ranl< 

repiacement for priest 

ruies for 

tithes 

Torah interpretation 

on tribunais 

war duties 
Leviticus 

Targum of 
'Liar' see aiso Wicl<ed Priest 
Light, Prince of see also Michaei, archangei 
Li m, Timothy H.. 
'lion, furious young' 
Lippens, Captain Philippe 
liturgy 

Benedictions 

Blessings 

Confession Ritual 



liturgical calendar 
Liturgical Prayer 
Liturgical Work 
Order of Divine Office 
Purification Rituals 
see also calendars; prayers 
Luke, Gospel of 



IVIaccabaean theory 
Maccabaean-Hasmonaean era 
Maccabaeus, Jonathan 

King John? 

Wicked Prince? 
Maccabaeus, Judas 
Maccabaeus, Simon 
Maccabees, Books of 
Magness, Jodi. 
IVIalachi, Commentary on 
'IVIanasseh' 

Manasseh, King of Judah, 'Prayer of 
IVlanual of Discipline see Community Rule 
Mark, Gospel of 
marriage. 

kinship and 

proof of virginity 

see also sexual morality 
martyrdom 
Masada 

capture by Romans 

manuscripts from 
mashqin (liquids) 
maskil see Master 
Masoretic text 



Master (maskil) 
Exhortation to Sons of Dawn 

precepts for 
rules for 

see also Guardian 
Mattathias (priest) 
IVIatthew, Gospel of 
Matthews, K. A.. 
Mayer, B. 

meals see common table; food 
mebaqqer, see Guardian 
Meditation, Book of 
Melchizedek, archangel 

The Heavenly Prince 

see also Michael, archangel 
Melkiresha' 

curses of 

see also Belial 
Men Who Err 

Menahem (Essene prophet) 
Menelaus, High Priest 
menstruation 

Merkahah (throne-chariot) 
Messiah(s) 

blessing of 

coming of. 

'horoscope' 

and the Prophet 
Messianic Anthology or Testimonia 
Messianic Apocalypse 
Messianic Rule 

description of meal 

towns/camps structure and rules 
Messianism 



Methuselah 
Metso, S. 

Micah, Commentary on 
Michael, archangel 
Words of 

see also Melchizedek, archangel 
'Michael and the Just, The Song of 
Midrash on the Book of Moses 
Midrash on the Last Days or Florilegium 
Milik, Jozef Tadeuszand . 

and the Copper Scroll 

DJDI, 

DJD III, 

DJD VI, 

DJD XIII 

JJS 

The Books of Enoch 
Millar, F.. 

Miqsat Ma'aseha-Torah,see MMT 

Miriam, Song of 

Mishnah 

MMT (Miqsat Ma'ase ha-Torah) 
on dealings with Gentiles 
dietary laws 

and Essenes and Sadducees. 

MMT A, Sectarian Calendar 

MMT B, Special Rules 

MMTC, The Exhortation 

on purity matters 
Moffett, William A.and n. 
Moon, Phases of 
Morgenstern, M. 
Moses 

Apocryphon a 



Apocryphon b 
Apocryphon c 
(or David) Apocryphon 
Assumption of 
farewell discourse 
Law of 
kinship and marriage 
oath to keep 
ritual acts precribed by 
transgression of 
transmission to rabbis 
Midrash on the Book of Moses 
preparation to hear God 
revelation by angels 
Words of 
Muhammad edh-Dhib 
Murabba'at caves, manuscripts from 
Mysteries 



Nabonidus, Prayer of 
Nahum Commentary 

historical information in 

Temple Scroll and 
Naphtali, Testament of 
Nash papyrus 
Naveh, J. 

Nebuchadnezzar, king of Babylon 
Nehemiah, Book of 
New Testament. 

Dead Sea Scrolls and 

Greek fragments and 

Habakkuk Commentary and 

see also Bible 



New Wheat, Feast of 
Newsom, Carol 
Nitzan, Bilhah 
Noah 
birth554 

covenant with God 
curses son 
story of 
The Book of 
novices. 

Numbers, Bool< of 



oaths, see vows and oaths 
'Obadiah, Psalm of 
O'Callaghan, Jos6 
Og, King of Bashan 
Olyan, S. 

Onias III, High Priest 
Onias IV, High Priest. 
Ostraca 

Otot (Signs) Document 



palaeography 
Palestine 



papyrus 

Parable of Warning 
Passover 

Patriarchs, Testaments of 
Paul, Saint 
Peitholaos 



penal code 

Community Rule 

Damascus Document 
penance 
Pentateuch 

Aprocryphal Pentateuch B 

extracts from 4QHalakhah A 

Reworked Pentateuch 
pentecontad calendar 
Pentecost (Feast of Weeks) 
pesharim, see Bible, commentaries/Interpretation 
Pfann, S. 
Pharisees 

Phllo of Alexandrlaand n. 
Plea for Deliverance 
Pliny the Elder 
Ploeg, J. P. M. van der. 
poetry 

Lamentations 

Messianic Apocalypse 

Poetic Fragments on Jerusalem and 'KIng'Jonathan 
Renewed Earth 

see also hymns; psalms; Wisdom literature 
Pompey (Roman general) 
Pontius Pilate 
Popplllus Laenas 
postulants 
Potlaos 
prayers. 

appointed times 

at time of war 

Dally Prayers 

Liturgical Prayer 

Prayer Celebrating the Morning and the Evening 



Prayer of Enosh and Enoch 
Prayer of Nabonidus 
Prayers for Festivals 
Words of the Heavenly Lights 
see also hymns 
pride 

Priest-IVIessiah 
priests. 

at Qumran 

Blessings of 

Calendars of Priestly Courses 

disqualification 

High Priesthood history 

'last priests' of Jerusalem 

rules for 

tithes 

Torah interpretation 
in towns/camps 
war duties 
wife 

Zadokite. 

see also Teacher of Righteousness; Wicl<ed Priest 
property 

common ownership 

lying in matters of 

novices and 

prophecy 

of Balaam 

Community and 

of Isaiah 

of Joshua 
Prophets 

Books of 

List of False Prophets 



the Prophet 
proselytes 

provenance of the Scrolls 
Proverbs, Book of 
Psalms 

apocryphal 

Apocryphal Psalms (I) 

Apocryphal Psalms (II) 

Apocryphal Psalms (III) 
Psalms, cont'd 

Commentary on Psalms 

Non-canonical Psalms 

Poetic Fragments on Jerusalem and 'King' Jonathan 
Psalm cli, 'supernumerary' 
Psalm cxivi 

Psalms of Joshua or Joshua Apocryphon (1) 

Psalms Scroll 

Songs of the Sage 

see also hymns 
Pseudepigrapha 
Ptolemies (Greeks of Egypt) 
Ptolemy Philometor, King 
Ptollas 

Puech, Emile.. 

DJDXXII 

DJDXXV. 

DJDXXXI 

DJD XXXVII 
punishments 

death penalty 

expulsion 

imprisonment 

for injury 

penance 



purity and purification 
and tlie common tabie 
exclusion from 
Harvesting 
iVIiVITon 
novices and 
Purification Ritual A 
Purification Ritual B 
ritual bathing 
Temple Scroll on 
Tohorot Ba-Bb 
Tohorot (Purities) A 



Qahat, Testament of 
Qimron, E... 
Qumran caves 

abandonment of Scrolls 

archaeological finds 

date of occupationand 

discovery of Scrolls 

location 

see also Khirbet Qumran 
Qumran Community, see Community 
Qumran writings, see Dead Sea Scrolls 



Rabin, Chaim 
radiocarbon-dating tests 
rank 

loss of 
Rebukes, Register of 
'red heifer, law of 
Reich, Ron. 



Remonstrances (before Conversion?) 
Renewal of the Covenant, Feast of 
Renewed Earth, The 
resurrection 
Resurrection fragment 
Righteousness, Time of 
Righteousness, Triumph of 
Righteousness, Ways of 
rituals 
bathing 

Confession Ritual 
Purification Ritual A 
Purification Ritual B 
Renewal of the Covenant 
sacred meal 
Temple worship 
Roberts, C. H. 

Robinson, James IVI., xo and 
Rockefeller Museum 
Rofe, A. 
Romans 

Jewish rebellion against 

referred to as Kittim 

torture of Essenes 

see also Kittim 
Roth, Ceciind n 
Royal Messiah 
Rules 

The Book of War 

Community Rule 

Damascus Document 

Entry into the Covenant 

Four Classes of the Community 

Halakhah 



Harvesting 

Master's Exhortation to tlie Sons of Dawn 

IVIen WIno Err 
IVIessianic Rule 
IVIIVIT 

Register of Rebul<es 
Remonstrances (before Conversion?) 
Tempie Scroii 
Tohorot 
War Scroii 

Tiie Wici<ed and tine Hoiy 
see also individual ruies 
Rutin, Booi< of 



Sabbatii 
Hymns for tlie Sabbatii Day 

iaws 

iVIiVIT calendar 

Songs for the Holocaust of the Sabbath 
sacred mushroom and 
sacrifices 

Essenes and 

IVlMTon 

Temple Scroll on 
Sadducees 

and MMT. 
Sage, Songs of the 
Sahin, Khali I lsl<andar (Kando). 
Salome-Alexandra (Shelamzion), Queen 
Samaria 

Samuel Apocryphon 
Sanders, J. A. and 
Sanderson, Judith E., ion. 



sapiential worl<s, see Wisdom iiterature 

Satan, see Beiiai; Melkiresha' 

sceptre 

Schechter, S.. 

Scliiffinan, Lawrence H. 

Scfilosser, Robert. 

Schuller, Eileen 

Schurer, E.. 

Schwartz, D. R. 

'Scoffer' 

see also Wicked Priest 
scribes 

scriptorium at Qumran, zon. 
Scrolls Symposium 1993, zon. 
Second Temple era 
sectarian scrolls 
Seductress, The 
Seely, D. 

Seleucids (Syrian Greeks) 
Sellers, O. R.. 

Septuagint (Greek Old Testament) 
Serekh ha-Milhamah, see war, Rule of 
sexual abstinence 

see also celibacy 
sexual morality 

see also marriage 
Shanks, Hershel 

Shelamzion (Queen Salome-Alexandra) 
Sheol 

signa, worship of 
'Signs' (CXot) Document 
Simeon (destroyer of Shechem) 
Simon (Essene prophet) 
Sinan, D. 



sins 

confession of 

inadvertent 

punisfiment 
Sl<ehan, Patricl<, ion. 
sl<in disease 
SI<otheim, Robert A., gn. 
siander 
Smith, iVI. 
Sol<oioff, iVl. 
soidiers 
Soiomon, King 

Some Observances of ttie Law, see MMT 
'son of God' 
'son of man' 

Songs of tlie Hoiocaust of ttie Sabbatli 
Songs of tlie Sage 

sons, rebeiiious 
'sons of dawn' 
'sons of iight' 
'sons of the Pit' 
'Spouter of Lies' 

see also Wicl<ed Priest 
standards 

of the Congregation 

Roman worship of their 
Stanton, G. 
star-god 
Starcl<y, Jean 
stave 

Stegemann, H. 
Steudel, Annette 
Stone, IVI. E. 
Strange, James F. 



Strugnell, John. 
DJDX, 
D7DXIII, 
DJDXIX, 
DJD XXXIV, 
RQ 

Stuckenbruck, L. 
Sukenik, E. L. 
Syncellus, George 
Syriac manuscripts 
Syriac psalms 



tabernacle 

Tabernacles, Feast of 
taharah, see tohorot 
Talmon, Shemaryahu. 
Talmud 

Tanhumim or Consolations 

Tanzer, S. 

Targums 
Targum of Job 
Targum of Leviticus 

taxes 

Teacher of Righteousness 
in Commentary on Micah 
dating 
and hymns 
identity of 
Jonathan and 
and IVIMT 
and prophecy 
sent from God. 
Wicked Priest and 



Teicher, Joseph 
Temple buildings 
hidden treasure 
of Jerusalem 
unlawful in Leontopoiis 
worship 

during war with Kittim 
Temple Scroll 

on the calendar 

on kinship and marriage 

legislation in 

on purity matters 
Ten Commandments see also Moses, Law of 
Testimonia or Messianic Anthology 
Testimonium Flavianum 
Tetragram 
Thanksgiving Hymns 
Therapeutai (Egyptian ascetics) . 
Thiede, C. P. 
Thiering, Barbara 
throne-chariot 
thunder 

Tigchelaar, E. J. C. 
Time of Righteousness 
tithes (dues) 
Tobit, Book of 
tohorah, see tohorot 
tohorot (purity)3 

Tohorot Ba (nowEntry into the Covenant) 

TohorotBa-Bb 

Tohorot Da (nowFouir Classes of the Community) 
Tohorot (Purities) A 
see also purity and purification 
Torah 



interpretation 
study of 

swearing to adfiere to 
Tov, Emanueiand 
towns (camps) 

compared and iinl<ed witli Qumran 

structure and ruies 
transgressions, see sins 
transiation notes 
treason 

treasure, tiidden 
Treboiie, J. 
trees, giant 'good' 
Trever, J.andn. 
tribes 
tribunais 

Trimpti of Righteousness 
trumpets 

Tryption (Syrian generai) 
Two Spirits doctrine 
Two Ways, The 



Uiiendorf, Edward 

Uirich, Eugene. 

units of the Community 



VanderKam, J. C. 
vengeance 
Vermes, Geza. 
1 977 lectureand n. 

articies.... 
DJDXXVI 



DJDXXXVI 

publications ...and .., 
Vespasian (Roman generai) 
virginity, proof of 
vows and oatlis 



Waclioider, Ben Zion 
war 

proptiecies regarding 

Temple Scroll laws regarding 
War, Rule of (Book of War) 
War Scroll 

Cave 1 manuscripts 

Cave 4 manuscripts 

poem in 

on Temple worship 
Warning, A Parable of 
Ways of Righteousness 
Weeks, Feast of (Pentecost) 
Weinfeld, M. 
well 

White, S. 

Wicked and the Holy 
Wicked Priest(s) 

Groningen hypothesis and 

harassment of Teacher of Righteousness 

identity 
wine 

Wisdom, Book of 
Wisdom literature 
Beatitudes 

Bless, My Soul 

Exhortation to Seek Wisdom 



Fight against Evii Spirits 
Leader's Lament 
Parabie of Warning 
Sapientiai Didactic Worl< A 
Sapientiai Worl< (i) 
Sapientiai Worl< (ii) 

Sapientiai Worl< (iii): Ways of Righteousness 

Sapientiai Worl<, instruction-iil<e Composition 

Songs of the Sage 

The Seductress 

The Two Ways 
Wise, Michaei. 
witnesses 
Woiters, A. 
women. 

chiidbirth 

excavated bones of 
and food 
menstruation 
oath of 

see aiso marriage; sexuai moraiity 
Woude, A. S. van der.. 
Wright Bal<er, Professor H. 
Wright, G. E., In. 



Xerxes, King of Persia 



Yadin, Yigaei.and 

Yannai, Alexander see Jannaeus, Alexander 

Yardeni, Ada 

Yavan 

see also Greece 



Yohanan 



Zadok, sons ofand 
Teacher of Righteousness and and 

Zealot theory 
Zealots 

hidden treasure 
Zechariah. 

Zedekiah Apocryphon 
Zephaniah, Commentary on 
Zion Psalm 

Zodiacal Calendar with a brontologion 



THE STORY OF PENGUIN CLASSICS 



Before 1946 ...'Classics' are mainly the domain of academics and 
students, without readable editions for everyone else. This all changes 
when a little-known classicist, E. V. Rieu, presents Penguin founder 
Allen Lane with the translation of Homer's Odyssey that he has been 
working on and reading to his wife Nelly in his spare time. 

1946 The Odyssey becomes the first Penguin Classic published, and 
promptly sells three million copies. Suddenly, classic books are no 
longer for the privileged few. 

1 950s Rieu, now series editor, turns to professional writers for the best 
modern, readable translations, including Dorothy L. Sayers's Inferno 
and Robert Graves's The Twelve Caesars, which revives the 
salacious original. 

1960s The Classics are given the distinctive black jackets that have 
remained a constant througlx>ut the series's various looks. Rieu retires 
in 1964, hailing the Penguin Classics list as 'the greatest educative 
force of the 20th century'. 

1970s A new generation of translators arrives to swell the Penguin 
Classics ranks, and the list grows to encompass more philosophy 
religion, science, history and politics. 

1980s The Penguin American Library joins the Classics stable, with 
titles such as The Last of the Mohicans safeguarded. Penguin 
Classics now offers the most comprehensive library of world literature 
available. 



1990s The launch of Penguin Audiobooks brings the classics to a 
listening audience for the first time, and in 1999 the launch of the 
Penguin Classics website takes them online to a larger global 
readership than ever before. 

The 21st Century Penguin Classics are rejacketed for the first time in 
nearly twenty years. This world famous series now consists of more 
than 1300 titles, making the widest range of the best books ever 
written available to millions - and constantly redefining tfie meaning of 
what makes a 'classic'. 



The Odyssey continues ... 



lie iat tf h enr wnttm 
NOuiH eiASiict 



.pct)L;iiirK'l.)sML's.L'om 



1 

For the story of my personal involvement with the Dead Sea Scrolls, 
see Providential Accidents: An Autobiography, SCM Press, London, 
and Rowman & Littlefield, Lanham, Md., 1988. 
2 

E. L. Sukerik, Megillot genuzot, 1, Jerusalem, 1948; W. F.Albright, 
Bulletin of the American Schools for Oriental Research 110 (April 
1948), 1-3; G. E. Wright, 'A Sensational Discovery, B;Mca/ 
Archaeologist (May 1 948), 21-3. 
3 

Cf. the interview with the discoverer reported by John C. Trever, The 
Dead Sea Scrolls: A Personal Account, Grand Rapids, 1979, 191-4. 
4 

Cf. Obsen/ations sur le Manuel de discipline decouvert pres de la 
MerMorte, Paris, 1951 His major synthesis in English is The Essene 
Writings from Qumran, Oxford, 1961. For the latest survey, see G. 
Vermes and Martin Goodman, The Essenes According to the 
Classical Sources, Sheffield, 1989. 
5 

Archaeology and the Dead Sea Scrolls, Oxford, 1 973. 
6 

Les Manuschts du desert de Juda, Tournai and Paris, 1953; 
Discovery in the Judean Desert, New York, 1956. 
7 

J. T. Milik, Dix ans de decouvertes dans le desert de Juda, Paris, 
1957 (English translation: Ten Years of Discovery in the Wildemess 
of Judaea, London, 1959); F. M. Cross, The Ancient Library of 
Qumran and Modem Biblical Studies, New York, 1958; R. de Vaux, 
op. cit. (in note 5 above). 
8 

The Dead Sea Scrolls of St Mark's Monastery, I, New Haven, 1950; 
11/2, New Haven, 1951. 
9 

The Dead Sea Scrolls of the Hebrew University, Jerusalem, 1 954-5. 
10 

N. Avigad and Y Yadin, A Genesis Apocryphon , Jerusalem, 1956. 



See now J. C. Greenfield and E. Qimron, The Genesis Apocryphon 
Col. Xir, \n Studies in Qumran Aramaic, edited by! Muraoka {Abr- 
Nalirain Suppl. I), Louvain, 1992, 70-77. 
11 

Discoveries in the Judaean Desert, I: Qumran Cave I, Oxford, 1 955. 
12 

M. Baillet, J. T. Milik and R. de Vaux, Discoveries in tlie Judaean 
Desert of Jordan,\\\: Les petites grottes de Qumran, Oxford, 1962. 
13 

J. A. Sanders, Discoveries in ttie Judaean Desert of Jordan,\\l: Ttie 
Psalms Scroll of Qumran Cave II (IIQPs^), Oxford, 1965. 
14 

J. M. Allegro and A. A. Anderson, Discoveries in the JudaeanDesert 
ofJordan,V: I (4Q1 58-186), Oxford, 1968. A re-edition of this volume 
by George J. Brooke is planned. 
15 

Khalil Iskandar Sahin, familiarly known as Kando, a cobbler cum 
antique dealer, had been the principal middle man between the 
Bedouin discoverers of thousands of fragments and Roland de Vaux in 
the 1950s. 
16 

Megillat ha-Miqdash l-lll, Jerusalem, 1977 (English translation: T/?e 
Temple Scroll l-lll, Jerusalem, 1983). See also E. Qimron, The 
Temple Scroll: A Critical Edition with Extensive Reconstructions, 
Beer-Sheva/Jerusalem, 1996. 
17 

Members of the original editorial team spent a great deal of time 
working in Jerusalem in the 1950s, but were subsequently disbanded, 
most of them occupying full-time teaching posts in Britain, France and 
the United States. 
18 

J. P. M. van der Ploeg, A. S. van der Woude and B. Jongeling, Le 
Targum deJobde la grotte XI de Qumran, Leiden, 1971; D. N. 
Freedman and K. A. Matthews, The Paleo-Hebrew Leviticus Scroll (II 
QpaleoLev), Winona Lake, 1985. 
19 



In the 1970s, only J. T. Milik remained productive - The Books of 
Enoch: Aramaic Fragments of Qumran Cave 4, Oxford, 1976; 
Discoveries in the Judaean Desert, VI: (40128-57), Oxford, 1977 - 
before he, too, entered a state of hibernation. By 1991, he was 
persuaded to relinquish all his unpublished documents, which were re- 
assigned to new editors. 
20 

The Dead Sea Scrolls: Qumran in Perspective, London, 1977, 24 
(originally the 1977 Margaret Harris Lectures delivered at the 
University of Dundee). 
21 

A Preliminary Edition of the Unpublished Dead Sea Scrolls: The 
Hebrew and Aramaic Texts from Cave 4, Biblical Archaeology 
Society Washington, 1991. Two further volumes appeared in 1992 
and 1995- 
22 

A Preliminary Concordance to tbe Hebrew and Aramaic Fragments 
from Qumran Cavesll to X (distributed by H. Stegemann, Gottingen, 
1988). 
23 

The following brief account of the Huntington Library's involvement with 
the Dead Sea Scrolls is based on documentary evidence kindly 
provided by its President, Robert A. Skotheim. In 1982, Elizabeth Hay 
Bechtel, a renowned Californian philanthropist and Scroll Maecenas, 
deposited at the Huntington a set of negatives of Qumran manuscripts. 
These had been taken in 1980 by Robert Schlosser, the chief 
photographer of the library, for whom Mrs Bechtel obtained permission 
from the Jerusalem Department of Antiquities to photograph all the 
Dead Sea Scrolls. Two series of pictures were produced, one for the 
Ancient Biblical Manuscript Center founded by Mrs Bechtel in 
Claremont, California, and another for herself. The latter ended up in a 
'climatized' vault specially constructed at the Huntington with the help 
of a Bechtel grant of $50,000. In 1986, a year before her death, Mrs 
Bechtel donated her Scroll photographs to the Huntington. Paragraph 
9 of the agreement made in April 1982 specifies that materials on 
which no restrictive policy is applied by Mrs Bechtel 'will be made 



available to use by scholars in accordance with the Huntington's 
general policies for its own materials'. No such restriction was ever 
conveyed by her to the trustees of the library. Bill Moffett became 
director of the Library in 1990. It was on the basis of clause 9 of the 
agreement that he proposed to the trustees the opening of the 
Huntington's Qumran photographs to all qualified users of the library. 

Bill Moffett, the 'liberator of the Scrolls', died on 20 February 1995 at 
the age of sixty-two. 

24 

Robert H. Eisenman and James M. Robinson, A Facsimile Edition of 
tiie Dead Sea Scrolls, l-ll, Washington, 1991. The quality of many of 
these pictures leaves much to be desired, but others are serviceable. 
25 

Patrick W. Skehan, Eugene Ulrich and Judith E. Sanderson, 
Discoveries in the Judaean Desert, IX: Qumran Cave 4, IV, Palaeo- 
Hebrewand Greek Biblical Manuscripts, Oxford, 1 992. 
26 

Cf Emanuel Tov, The Unpublished Qumran Texts from Caves 4 and 
II', JJS 43 (1992), 101-36. 
2Z 

The claim that several minute Greek scraps from Cave 7 represent the 
New Testament is unsubstantiated. Cf below, pp. 472-3. 
28 

It is suggested that the Aramaic fragments of 4Q550 derive from a 
proto-Esther. 
29 

4Q242-6 testify to the existence of a non-canonical Daniel cycle. 
30 

The exception is the Damascus Document, well attested in Caves 4, 5 
and 6, but previously known from two incomplete medieval 
manuscripts found in the Cairo Genizah, and first published by S. 
Schechter as Documents of Jevisfi Sectaries, I: Fragments of a 
Zadokite Work, Cambridge, 1910; repr. with a Prolegomenon by J. A. 
Fitzmyer (Ktav, 1970). For a better edition see Magen Broshi, The 
Damascus Document Reconsidered, Jerusalem, 1992. 
31 



'The Development of the Jewish Scripts', in The Bible and the Ancient 
Near East: Essays in Honor ofW. F. Albright, Garden City, NY 1 961 , 
133-202. 
32 

. Cf. O. R. Sellers, 'Radiocarbon Dating of Cloth from the 'Ain Feshkha 
Cave', BASOR ^23 (1951), 22-4. 
33 

G. Bonani etal., 'Radiocarbon Dating of the Dead Sea Scrolls', Atiqot 
20 (1991), 25-32. 
34 

A. J. T. Jull etal., 'Radiocarbon Dating of Scrolls and Linen Fragments 
from the Judean Desert', Rad/oca/t)or) 37 (1995), 11-19. The 
quotation appears on p. 17. 
35 

. Cf. most recently in The Essenes According to the Classical 
Sources, Sheffield, 1089, 12-23. The co-author of this volume, Martin 
Goodman, has recently questioned the use of the evidence by 
Josephus to prove the Essene identity of the sect, arguing that 
Josephus never presents a full picture of the Jewish scene of his time 
and that consequently he may have referred to a group merely similar 
to the Essenes. Cf. 'A Note on the Qumran Sectarians, the Essenes 
and Josephus', JJS 46 (1995), 161-6. Despite my admiration for his 
learning, I exceptionally beg to differ. 
36 

For a fuller argument, see below, pp. 46-8. 
3Z 

G. Vermes, The Dead Sea Scrolls: Qumran in Perspective, London, 
1994, 117. 
38 

For a major restatement of the whole subject, see Emanuel Tov, 
Textual Criticism of the HebrewBible, Minneapolis-Assen/Maastricht, 
1992. 
39 

Cf 'Biblical Proof-texts in Qumran Literature', JSS 34 (1989), 493- 
508. It should be noted, however, that the Damascus Document quotes 
also the Bool< of Jubilees and a work attributed to the Patriarch Levi. It 



is unclear what their status was. 
40 

Cf. J. T. IVIilil<, The Books of Enoch: Aramaic Fragments ofQumran 
Cave 4, Oxford, 1976. 
41 

Cf. E. Schurer, G. Vermes, F. IVIillar and IVI. Goodman, The History of 
the Jewsh People in the Age ofJesusChrist, III, Edinburgh, 1 986, 250- 
68. 
42 

Cf. 'Historical Texts C-E, 40331-333', ed. J. A. Fitzmyer, DJD, XXXVI, 
281-9. 
43 

Cf. 'Qumran Forum Miscellanea II: The so-called King Jonathan 
Fragment (40448)', JJS 44 (1993), 294-300. 
44 

. For a more detailed exposition, see Chapter III below. 
45 

Cf. War ^^, 567; III, 11, 19. 
46 

Cf. M/a/- 11, 152-3. 
4Z 

Cf. F. Garcia Martinez, 'Qumran Origins and Early History: A 
Groningen Hypothesis', Folia Orientaiia 25 (1988), 113-36; F Garcia 
Martinez and A. S. van der Woude, 'A Groningen Hypothesis of 
Qumran Origins and Early History, RQ 14 (1989-90), 521-42. 
48 

G. R. Driver, The Judaean Scrolls: The Problem and a Solution, 
Oxford, 1965; C. Roth, The Historical Background of the Dead Sea 
Scrolls, Oxford, 1958. 
49 

'The Problem of Origin and Identification of the Dead Sea Scrolls', 
Proceedings ofthe American Philosophical Society 124/1 (1980), 1- 
24; 'Who Hid the Dead Sea Scrolls?', BA 48 (1982), 68-82 ; 'Khirbet 
Qumran and the Manuscripts of the Judaean Wilderness: 
Observations on the Logic of their Investigation', JA/ES 49 (1990), 
103-14. For a criticism of the Golb thesis, see Timothy H. Lim, 'The 



Qumran Scrolls: Two Hypotheses', Studies in Religion 21/4 (1992), 
455-66. 
50 

1/Vho Wrote the Dead Sea Scrolls? - The Search for the Meaning of 
the Qumran Manuscripts, Scribner, New York/London, 1995. This 
volume repeats a completely misconceived attacl< on the Oxford 
Centre for Hebrew and Jewish Studies and on myself as director of the 
Centre's Forum for Qumran Research, although the facts 
misinterpreted by Professor Golb (first in The Qumran Chronicle 2/1 , 
1992, 3-25) have been set out correctly by G. Vermes and P. 
Alexander, 'Norman Golb and Modern History (ibid., 2/2, 1993, 153-6, 
with a correction in the same periodical 4/1-2, 1994, 74). 
51 

At the Scrolls Symposium held at the Library of Congress in 
Washington on 21-2 April 1993, Magen Broshi, Director of the Shrine 
of the Bool< at the Israel Museum in Jerusalem, delivered a powerful 
rebuttal of the Golb conjecture as well as the speculative theory 
advanced at another conference, held in New York in December 1992, 
by Pauline Donceel-Voute, in whose view Qumran was a winter villa 
built for wealthy inhabitants of Jerusalem and the room which de Vaux 
identified as a scriptorium a dining hall (see 'Coenaculum', Res 
Orientales N (1992), 61-84). Against the latter theory, see R. Reich, 'A 
Note on the Function of Room 30 (the "Scriptorium") at Khirbet 
Qumran', JJS 46 (1995), 157-60, For P. Donceel-Voute the Qumran 
complex constitutes a country estate, a villa rustica ('Les ruines de 
Qumran reinterpretees', /A/r/?aeo/og/a 298 (1994), 24-35), and the 
same theory is propounded by Yzhar Hirschfeld ('Early Roman Manor 
Houses in Judea and the Site of Khirbet Qumran', Jouma/ of Near 
Eastern Studies 57 (1998), 161-89). According to A. Crown and L. 
Cansdale, Qumran was a luxurious hostelry for merchants ('Qumran: 
Was it an Essene Settlement?', BAR 20, No. 5 (1994), 24-35, 73-8). 
The mainstream opinion that the ruins are the remains of an Essene 
religious settlement is forcefully maintained by M. Broshi in 'The 
Archaeology of Qumran: A Reconsideration' and 'Was Qumran, 
indeed, a Monastery?', in Bread, Wine, Walls and Scrolls, Sheffield 
Academic Press (2002), 198-210, 259-73. For the latest and very 



competent archaeological account see Jodi Magness, The 
Archaeology of Qumran and the Dead Sea Scrolls, Grand Rapids, 
2002. 

In January 1996, two Israeli archaeologists investigated man-made 
caves close to the settlement which, in their opinion, were used as 
sleeping quarters by members of the sect. See M. Broshi and H. 
Eshel, 'How and Where Did the Qumranites Live?', Dead Sea 
Discoveries 6 328-48. 

52 

Cf. e.g. John Strugnell, 'Moses Pseudepigrapha at Qumran', in 
Archaeology and History in the Dead Sea Scrolls, ed. Lawrence H. 
Schiffman {Journal for the Study of the Pseudepigrapha, Supplement, 
Series 8, Sheffield, 1990,221). 
53 

'Hebrew Biblical Manuscripts from the Judaean Desert: Their 
Contribution to Textual Criticism', JJS 39 (1988), 10-19. 
54 

It may also be wondered why the librarians of Jerusalem should have 
chosen such a distant place to hide their manuscripts when equally 
inaccessible caves could have been found closer to home? 
55 

See his numerous articles in JJS between 1951 and 1955. 
56 

The Sacred Mushroom and the Cross, London, 1 970. 
5Z 

. Jesusthe Man: A New Interpretation from the Dead Sea Scrolls, 
Doubleday London and New York, 1992; Jesus and the Riddle of the 
Dead Sea Scrolls, Harper, San Francisco and NewYork, 1992. 
58 

Robert Eisenman and Michael Wise, The Dead Sea Scrolls 
Uncovered, London and NewYork, 1992. 
59 

See my review of The Dead Sea Scrolls Uncovered in the TLS of 4 
December 1992 and 'The War over the Dead Sea Scrolls', The New 
York Reviewof Books, 11 August, 1994, 10-13. 
60 



Cf. below, pp. 472-3. 
61 

Cf. below, p. 614. 
62 

Cf. G. Vermes, Jesus the Je\/\/ London, 1973, 67-9; The Religion 
ofJesusthe Jev^ London, 1003,102-3. 
63 

See also G. Vermes, 'Qumran Forum Miscellanea 1', JJS 43 (1992), 
303-4, and Emile Puech, 'Une apocalypse messianique', RQ 15 
(1991-2), 475-522. 
64 

Cf Targum Neofiti, Fragmentary Targum and Pseudo-Jonathan on 
Gen. ill, 15. 
65 

S. Talmon in F. M. Cross and S. Talmon, Qumran and the Origin of 
the Biblical Text, Cambridge, Mass., 1975, 380. 
66 

The Dead Sea Scrolls Forty Years On, Oxford, 1 987, 1 5-1 6. 
6Z 

On this, see G. Vermes, The Religion of Jesus f/?eJei/vLondon and 
Minneapolis, 1993. 
68 

The absence of any mention of the 'sons of Zadok, the Priests' in MMT 
deals a serious blow to the hypothesis that a proto-Sadducaean 
priestly group lurks behind this document. The basis of this theory is 
that three legal doctrines (out of a list of more than twenty) voiced in 
MMT are attributed to the Sadducees in rabbinic literature. But the 
soundest position is to consider these teachings as priestly halakhot, 
held by the forerunners of the Qumran Community and the later 
Sadducees. 
69 

The Therapeutai or Egyptian ascetics of Philo adopted celibacy but 
formed separate male and female communities (mature men having 
left behind family and property, and women being mostly aged virgins; 
cf PUWo, Contemplative Life, 13, 68) whose members met for 
worship. A badly damaged manuscript from Cave 4 (4Q502), 



repeatedly mentioning old men and women, is interpreted by J. M. 
Baumgarten as probably alluding to a similar institution ('4Q502, 
Marriage or Golden Age Ritual?', JJS 34 (1983), 125-35). 4Q502 
consists of 344 papyrus fragments. Its editor, M. Baillet (DJD, VII, 81- 
105), gave it the title 'Marriage Ritual', which is almost certainly a 
misnomer (see Baumgarten above). Not a single coherent section of 
this liturgical composition has survived; hence no meaningful 
translation can be supplied. However, it is worth noting that fr. 2 
contains the phrase 'daughter of truth' and an allusion to the 
examination of women concerning their 'intelligence and 
understanding'. Josephus states in connection with the marrying 
Essenes that they trained their women - like their men - for three years 
(War II, 161; cf. G. Vermes, Discovery in the Judean Desert, New 
York, 1956, 57, note 176; J. M. Baumgarten, DJD, XVIII, 143). 
70 

This interpretation of the data yielded by the excavation is that of R. de 
Vaux (see Archaeology and the Dead Sea Scrolls, /973). In her 
recent brilliant survey, Jodi Magness questions de Vaux's theory 
regarding the first phase of the limited sectarian occupation of the 
Qumran site during the second half of the second century BCE and 
argues that the communal buildings were first erected around 100 
BCE (see The Archaeology of Qumran and the Dead Sea Scrolls, 
2002, 63-9). If she is right, the initial edifice was already on a relatively 
large scale and would correspond to the needs of an already well- 
established group. In fact, her theory is compatible with the early 
Hasmonaean beginnings of the sect based on literary considerations, 
albeit without supporting archaeological evidence. 
71 

The Zadokite affiliation of the Teacher of Righteousness may be 
supported by circumstantial evidence. According to the older version 
of the Community Rule, represented by 4Q258 and 256, the 
democratic 'Congregation' ('the Many") constituted the supreme 
authority of the Community with ordinary priests (sons of Aaron) 
forming the top layer in doctrinal and legal administration. This position 
is attributed to the 'sons of Zadok', members of the high-priestly family 
in the revised 1 QS v. In other words, at some early stage in the history 



of the sect there was a Zadokite takeover. Combining this information 
with the account of CD 1 (supported by 4QD), we may reasonably 
surmise that the change occurred with the arrival of the Teacher of 
Righteousness sent by God to take care of the 'plant' of Aaron and 
Israel (ordinary priests and lay Jews), who had been groping, 
leaderless, for twenty years. The crisis in the Zadokite ranks in the 
160s BCE, following the secession of Onias IV to Egypt, provides the 
likeliest background for these events (cf G. Vermes, 'The Leadership 
of the Qumran Community in Geschichte-Tradition-Reflexion [Martin 
Hengel Festschrift] I (Tubingen, 1996, 375-84). In this connection it 
may not be irrelevant to note that according to 4Q266 fr. 5 11 priests 
who had emigrated among the Gentiles were disqualified. 
72 

To these four outstanding Essenes we may now add possibly the 
name of a Bursar or Guardian, Eleazar son of Nahmani, mentioned in 
one of the Qumran ostraca (cf. below, p. 634), and the three imperfect 
members, Yohanan and two men called Hananiah mentioned in 
4Q477. See above, pp. 31-2. 
Z3 

Another metaphorical use of Lebanon (= the foreign nations) is implied 
in the quotation of Isa. x, 34 in the Rule of War (4Q285 fr. 5). 
74 

4Q268 adds: to me. 
75 

4Q266 fr. 2 ii, 3 adds: so that from all the paths of the sin[ners you shall 
keep away]. 
76 

Or: men called (4Q266, fr. 2 ii, II). 
ZZ 

Or: when he acted wickedly against Israel the first time (4Q266, fr. 3 ii, 
6-7). 
78 

4Q266, fr. 3 ii, 10 adds: of which Moses said: 
79 

MS. B continues: by the hand of the prophet Zechariah: Amke, O 
Sword, against my shepherd, against my companion, says God. 



strike the shepherd that the flock may be scattered and I wll stretch 
my hand overthe little ones (Zech. xiii, 7). The humble of the flock are 
those who watch for Him. They shall be saved at the time of the 
Visitation whereas the others shall be delivered up to the sword when 
the Anointed of Aaron and Israel shall come, as it came to pass at the 
time of the former Visitation concerning which God said by the hand of 
Ezekiel: They shall put a mark on the foreheads of those 1/1/70 sigh 
and groan (Ezek. ix, 4). But the others were delivered up to the 
avenging sword of the Covenant. 
80 

MS. B inserts: they have entered the Covenant of repentance but they 
have not turned, etc. 
81 

MS. B adds: bore witness against the people, so will He love, etc. 
82 

The end of the Exhortation of CD is followed in 4Q266, fr 4, lines 11- 
12, by a badly preserved allusion to the Messiah: 'God [will set up] a 
shep[herd for His people] and he will feed [them] in [pastures] 
83 

4Q266, fr. 8 i, 6 adds: and (then) draw near. 
84 

4Q266, fr. 8 ii, 8; 270, fr. 6 ill, 15 add: And that which He said: 
85 

Or: through (4Q270, fr. 6 ill, 18). 
86 

(4Q267, fr. 9 i,i) adds: and from one month to another. 
8Z 

Or: in any (4Q270, fr. 6 iv, 21 ). 
88 

Or: his field (4Q266). 
89 

Or: show bitterness to (4Q271 , fr. 5 i, 7). 
90 

4Q270,fr. 6v, 17 adds: day 
91 

Or: transgress (4Q267, fr. 9 v, 5). 



92 

4Q266, fr. 10 i, 4 adds: to the congregation. 
93 

This reading (yolid), which has been queried by many, including 
myself, seems to be confirmed by computer image enhancement. E. 
Puech (RQ 16, 1994, 361) prefers to read yitgalleh,'\m\\ be revealed'. 
94 

For the contents of the badly damaged columns lll-XII, see p. 1 91 . 
95 

Reading dg/j/M^standards = divisions) with the Samaritan Pentateuch 
against the traditional rglyw{teet). Computer enhancement, initiated by 
George Brooke, has made this reading certain. 
96 

The inclusion of these documents in the 1997 edition was made 
possible by the kindness of F. M. Cross and Esther Eshel, who 
generously put at my disposal in advance their decipherment of the 
two inscribed potsherds. 
9Z 

If the editors' reading is correct, line 8 may also be understood as 
alluding to the completion of a year of initiation in the Community at 
the end of which the novice had to hand over his property to the Bursar 
of the sect according to Community Rule (IQS VI, 18-20): 'And if it be 
his destiny according to the judgement of the Priests and the multitude 
of the men of their Covenant, to enter the company of the Community 
his property and earnings shall be handed over to the Bursar of the 
Congregation who shall register it to his account and shall not spend it 
for the Congregation.' 'El'azar son of Nahmani, mentioned in line 2, 
may have been the Bursar (or the Overseer/Guardian) of the 
Community in the first century CE. 




Genesis 2-3 18
2
The heavens and the earth were finished, and all their vast array. 2
On the seventh day God finished his
work which he had made; and he rested on the seventh day from all his work which he had made. 2
God
blessed the seventh day, and made it holy, because he rested in it from all his work which he had created and
made.
2
This is the history of the generations of the heavens and of the earth when they were created, in the day
that Yahweha God made the earth and the heavens. 2
No plant of the field was yet in the earth, and no herb of
the field had yet sprung up; for Yahweh God had not caused it to rain on the earth. There was not a man to
till the ground, 2
but a mist went up from the earth, and watered the whole surface of the ground. 2
Yahweh God
formed man from the dust of the ground, and breathed into his nostrils the breath of life; and man became a
living soul. 2
Yahweh God planted a garden eastward, in Eden, and there he put the man whom he had formed.
2
Out of the ground Yahweh God made every tree to grow that is pleasant to the sight, and good for food; the
tree of life also in the middle of the garden, and the tree of the knowledge of good and evil. 2
A river went out
of Eden to water the garden; and from there it was parted, and became four heads. 2
The name of the first is
Pishon: this is the one which flows through the whole land of Havilah, where there is gold; 2
and the gold of
that land is good. There is aromatic resin and the onyx stone. 2
The name of the second river is Gihon: the
same river that flows through the whole land of Cush. 2
The name of the third river is Hiddekel: this is the one
which flows in front of Assyria. The fourth river is the Euphrates. 2
Yahweh God took the man, and put him
into the garden of Eden to dress it and to keep it. 2
Yahweh God commanded the man, saying, “Of every tree
of the garden you may freely eat; 2
but of the tree of the knowledge of good and evil, you shall not eat of it; for
in the day that you eat of it you will surely die.”
2
Yahweh God said, “It is not good that the man should be alone; I will make him a helper suitable for
him.” 2
Out of the ground Yahweh God formed every animal of the field, and every bird of the sky, and
brought them to the man to see what he would call them. Whatever the man called every living creature, that
was its name. 2
The man gave names to all livestock, and to the birds of the sky, and to every animal of the
field; but for man there was not found a helper suitable for him. 2
Yahweh God caused a deep sleep to fall on
the man, and he slept; and he took one of his ribs, and closed up the flesh in its place. 2
He made the rib, which
Yahweh God had taken from the man, into a woman, and brought her to the man. 2
The man said, “This is now
bone of my bones, and flesh of my flesh. She will be called ‘woman,’ because she was taken out of Man.”
2
Therefore a man will leave his father and his mother, and will join with his wife, and they will be one flesh.
2
They were both naked, the man and his wife, and were not ashamed. 2
3
Now the serpent was more subtle than any animal of the field which Yahweh God had made. He said to
the woman, “Has God really said, ‘You shall not eat of any tree of the garden?’”
3
The woman said to the serpent, “Of the fruit of the trees of the garden we may eat, 3
but of the fruit of the
tree which is in the middle of the garden, God has said, ‘You shall not eat of it, neither shall you touch it, lest
you die.’”
3
The serpent said to the woman, “You won’t surely die, 3
for God knows that in the day you eat it, your
eyes will be opened, and you will be like God, knowing good and evil.”
3
When the woman saw that the tree was good for food, and that it was a delight to the eyes, and that the
tree was to be desired to make one wise, she took of its fruit, and ate; and she gave some to her husband with
her, and he ate. 3
The eyes of both of them were opened, and they knew that they were naked. They sewed fig
leaves together, and made themselves aprons. 3
They heard the voice of Yahweh God walking in the garden in
the cool of the day, and the man and his wife hid themselves from the presence of Yahweh God among the
trees of the garden.
3
Yahweh God called to the man, and said to him, “Where are you?”
3
The man said, “I heard your voice in the garden, and I was afraid, because I was naked; and I hid
myself.”
a“Yahweh” is God’s proper Name, sometimes rendered “LORD” (all caps) in other translations.
19 Genesis 3-4
3
God said, “Who told you that you were naked? Have you eaten from the tree that I commanded you not
to eat from?”
3
The man said, “The woman whom you gave to be with me, she gave me of the tree, and I ate.”
3
Yahweh God said to the woman, “What is this you have done?”
The woman said, “The serpent deceived me, and I ate.”
3
Yahweh God said to the serpent,
“Because you have done this,
you are cursed above all livestock,
and above every animal of the field.
On your belly you shall go,
and you shall eat dust all the days of your life.
3
I will put enmity between you and the woman,
and between your offspring and her offspring.
He will bruise your head,
and you will bruise his heel.”
3
To the woman he said,
“I will greatly multiply your pain in childbirth.
In pain you will bear children.
Your desire will be for your husband,
and he will rule over you.”
3
To Adam he said,
“Because you have listened to your wife’s voice,
and have eaten of the tree,
of which I commanded you, saying, ‘You shall not eat of it,’
cursed is the ground for your sake.
In toil you will eat of it all the days of your life.
3
It will yield thorns and thistles to you;
and you will eat the herb of the field.
3
By the sweat of your face will you eat bread until you return to the ground,
for out of it you were taken.
For you are dust,
and to dust you shall return.”
3
The man called his wife Eve, because she was the mother of all living. 3
Yahweh God made coats of skins
for Adam and for his wife, and clothed them.
3
Yahweh God said, “Behold, the man has become like one of us, knowing good and evil. Now, lest he
reach out his hand, and also take of the tree of life, and eat, and live forever...” 3
Therefore Yahweh God sent
him out from the garden of Eden, to till the ground from which he was taken. 3
So he drove out the man; and
he placed Cherubs at the east of the garden of Eden, and the flame of a sword which turned every way, to
guard the way to the tree of life. 3
4
The man knew Eve his wife. She conceived, and gave birth to Cain, and said, “I have gotten a man with
Yahweh’s help.” 4
Again she gave birth, to Cain’s brother Abel. Abel was a keeper of sheep, but Cain was a
tiller of the ground. 4
As time passed, it happened that Cain brought an offering to Yahweh from the fruit of
the ground. 4
Abel also brought some of the firstborn of his flock and of its fat. Yahweh respected Abel and his
offering, 4
but he didn’t respect Cain and his offering. Cain was very angry, and the expression on his face fell.
4
Yahweh said to Cain, “Why are you angry? Why has the expression of your face fallen? 4
If you do well, will
it not be lifted up? If you don’t do well, sin crouches at the door. Its desire is for you, but you are to rule over
Genesis 4-5 20
it.” 4
Cain said to Abel, his brother, “Let’s go into the field.” It happened when they were in the field, that Cain
rose up against Abel, his brother, and killed him.
4
Yahweh said to Cain, “Where is Abel, your brother?”
He said, “I don’t know. Am I my brother’s keeper?”
4
Yahweh said, “What have you done? The voice of your brother’s blood cries to me from the ground.
4
Now you are cursed because of the ground, which has opened its mouth to receive your brother’s blood from
your hand. 4
From now on, when you till the ground, it won’t yield its strength to you. You shall be a fugitive
and a wanderer in the earth.”
4
Cain said to Yahweh, “My punishment is greater than I can bear. 4
Behold, you have driven me out this
day from the surface of the ground. I will be hidden from your face, and I will be a fugitive and a wanderer in
the earth. It will happen that whoever finds me will kill me.”
4
Yahweh said to him, “Therefore whoever slays Cain, vengeance will be taken on him sevenfold.”
Yahweh appointed a sign for Cain, lest any finding him should strike him.
4
Cain went out from Yahweh’s presence, and lived in the land of Nod, east of Eden. 4
Cain knew his wife.
She conceived, and gave birth to Enoch. He built a city, and called the name of the city, after the name of his
son, Enoch. 4
To Enoch was born Irad. Irad became the father of Mehujael. Mehujael became the father of
Methushael. Methushael became the father of Lamech. 4
Lamech took two wives: the name of the one was
Adah, and the name of the other Zillah. 4
Adah gave birth to Jabal, who was the father of those who dwell in
tents and have livestock. 4
His brother’s name was Jubal, who was the father of all who handle the harp and
pipe. 4
Zillah also gave birth to Tubal Cain, the forger of every cutting instrument of brass and iron. Tubal
Cain’s sister was Naamah. 4
Lamech said to his wives,
“Adah and Zillah, hear my voice.
You wives of Lamech, listen to my speech,
for I have slain a man for wounding me,
a young man for bruising me.
4
If Cain will be avenged seven times,
truly Lamech seventy-seven times.”
4
Adam knew his wife again. She gave birth to a son, and named him Seth, “for God has appointed me
another child instead of Abel, for Cain killed him.” 4
There was also born a son to Seth, and he named him
Enosh. Then men began to call on Yahweh’s name. 4
5
This is the book of the generations of Adam. In the day that God created man, he made him in God’s
likeness. 5
He created them male and female, and blessed them, and called their name “Adam,”a in the day
when they were created. 5
Adam lived one hundred thirty years, and became the father of a son in his own
likeness, after his image, and named him Seth. 5
The days of Adam after he became the father of Seth were
eight hundred years, and he became the father of sons and daughters. 5
All the days that Adam lived were nine
hundred thirty years, then he died.
5
Seth lived one hundred five years, and became the father of Enosh. 5
Seth lived after he became the father
of Enosh eight hundred seven years, and became the father of sons and daughters. 5
All the days of Seth were
nine hundred twelve years, then he died.
5
Enosh lived ninety years, and became the father of Kenan. 5
Enosh lived after he became the father of
Kenan, eight hundred fifteen years, and became the father of sons and daughters. 5
All the days of Enosh were
nine hundred five years, then he died.
5
Kenan lived seventy years, and became the father of Mahalalel. 5
Kenan lived after he became the father of
Mahalalel eight hundred forty years, and became the father of sons and daughters 5
and all the days of Kenan
were nine hundred ten years, then he died.
a“Adam” and “Man” are spelled with the exact same consonants in Hebrew, so this can be correctly translated either way.
21 Genesis 5-7
5
Mahalalel lived sixty-five years, and became the father of Jared. 5
Mahalalel lived after he became the
father of Jared eight hundred thirty years, and became the father of sons and daughters. 5
All the days of
Mahalalel were eight hundred ninety-five years, then he died.
5
Jared lived one hundred sixty-two years, and became the father of Enoch. 5
Jared lived after he became the
father of Enoch eight hundred years, and became the father of sons and daughters. 5
All the days of Jared were
nine hundred sixty-two years, then he died.
5
Enoch lived sixty-five years, and became the father of Methuselah. 5
Enoch walked with God after he
became the father of Methuselah three hundred years, and became the father of sons and daughters. 5
All the
days of Enoch were three hundred sixty-five years. 5
Enoch walked with God, and he was not, for God took
him.
5
Methuselah lived one hundred eighty-seven years, and became the father of Lamech. 5
Methuselah lived
after he became the father of Lamech seven hundred eighty-two years, and became the father of sons and
daughters. 5
All the days of Methuselah were nine hundred sixty-nine years, then he died.
5
Lamech lived one hundred eighty-two years, and became the father of a son, 5
and he named him Noah,
saying, “This same will comfort us in our work and in the toil of our hands, because of the ground which
Yahweh has cursed.” 5
Lamech lived after he became the father of Noah five hundred ninety-five years, and
became the father of sons and daughters. 5
All the days of Lamech were seven hundred seventy-seven years,
then he died.
5
Noah was five hundred years old, and Noah became the father of Shem, Ham, and Japheth. 5
6
It happened, when men began to multiply on the surface of the ground, and daughters were born to them,
6
that God’s sons saw that men’s daughters were beautiful, and they took for themselves wives of all that they
chose. 6
Yahweh said, “My Spirit will not strive with man forever, because he also is flesh; yet will his days be
one hundred twenty years.” 6
The Nephilim were in the earth in those days, and also after that, when God’s
sons came in to men’s daughters. They bore children to them. Those were the mighty men who were of old,
men of renown.
6
Yahweh saw that the wickedness of man was great in the earth, and that every imagination of the
thoughts of his heart was only evil continually. 6
Yahweh was sorry that he had made man on the earth, and it
grieved him in his heart. 6
Yahweh said, “I will destroy man whom I have created from the surface of the
ground; man, along with animals, creeping things, and birds of the sky; for I am sorry that I have made
them.” 6
But Noah found favor in Yahweh’s eyes.
6
This is the history of the generations of Noah. Noah was a righteous man, blameless among the people of
his time. Noah walked with God. 6
Noah became the father of three sons: Shem, Ham, and Japheth. 6
The earth
was corrupt before God, and the earth was filled with violence. 6
God saw the earth, and saw that it was
corrupt, for all flesh had corrupted their way on the earth.
6
God said to Noah, “The end of all flesh has come before me, for the earth is filled with violence through
them. Behold, I will destroy them with the earth. 6
Make a ship of gopher wood. You shall make rooms in the
ship, and shall seal it inside and outside with pitch. 6
This is how you shall make it. The length of the ship will
be three hundred cubits, its breadth fifty cubits, and its height thirty cubits. 6
You shall make a roof in the ship,
and you shall finish it to a cubit upward. You shall set the door of the ship in its side. You shall make it with
lower, second, and third levels. 6
I, even I, do bring the flood of waters on this earth, to destroy all flesh having
the breath of life from under the sky. Everything that is in the earth will die. 6
But I will establish my covenant
with you. You shall come into the ship, you, your sons, your wife, and your sons’ wives with you. 6
Of every
living thing of all flesh, you shall bring two of every sort into the ship, to keep them alive with you. They
shall be male and female. 6
Of the birds after their kind, of the livestock after their kind, of every creeping
thing of the ground after its kind, two of every sort shall come to you, to keep them alive. 6
Take with you of
all food that is eaten, and gather it to yourself; and it will be for food for you, and for them.” 6
Thus Noah did.
According to all that God commanded him, so he did. 6
7
Yahweh said to Noah, “Come with all of your household into the ship, for I have seen your righteousness
before me in this generation. 7
You shall take seven pairs of every clean animal with you, the male and his
Genesis 7-8 22
female. Of the animals that are not clean, take two, the male and his female. 7
Also of the birds of the sky,
seven and seven, male and female, to keep seed alive on the surface of all the earth. 7
In seven days, I will
cause it to rain on the earth for forty days and forty nights. Every living thing that I have made, I will destroy
from the surface of the ground.”
7
Noah did everything that Yahweh commanded him.
7
Noah was six hundred years old when the flood of waters came on the earth. 7
Noah went into the ship
with his sons, his wife, and his sons’ wives, because of the waters of the flood. 7
Clean animals, animals that
are not clean, birds, and everything that creeps on the ground 7
went by pairs to Noah into the ship, male and
female, as God commanded Noah. 7
It happened after the seven days, that the waters of the flood came on the
earth. 7
In the six hundredth year of Noah’s life, in the second month, on the seventeenth day of the month, on
the same day all the fountains of the great deep were burst open, and the sky’s windows were opened. 7
The
rain was on the earth forty days and forty nights.
7
In the same day Noah, and Shem, Ham, and Japheth, the sons of Noah, and Noah’s wife, and the three
wives of his sons with them, entered into the ship; 7
they, and every animal after its kind, all the livestock after
their kind, every creeping thing that creeps on the earth after its kind, and every bird after its kind, every bird
of every sort. 7
They went to Noah into the ship, by pairs of all flesh with the breath of life in them. 7
Those who
went in, went in male and female of all flesh, as God commanded him; and Yahweh shut him in. 7
The flood
was forty days on the earth. The waters increased, and lifted up the ship, and it was lifted up above the earth.
7
The waters prevailed, and increased greatly on the earth; and the ship floated on the surface of the waters.
7
The waters prevailed exceedingly on the earth. All the high mountains that were under the whole sky were
covered. 7
The waters prevailed fifteen cubits upward, and the mountains were covered. 7
All flesh died that
moved on the earth, including birds, livestock, animals, every creeping thing that creeps on the earth, and
every man. 7
All in whose nostrils was the breath of the spirit of life, of all that was on the dry land, died.
7
Every living thing was destroyed that was on the surface of the ground, including man, livestock, creeping
things, and birds of the sky. They were destroyed from the earth. Only Noah was left, and those who were
with him in the ship. 7
The waters prevailed on the earth one hundred fifty days. 7
8
God remembered Noah, all the animals, and all the livestock that were with him in the ship; and God
made a wind to pass over the earth. The waters subsided. 8
The deep’s fountains and the sky’s windows were
also stopped, and the rain from the sky was restrained. 8
The waters receded from the earth continually. After
the end of one hundred fifty days the waters decreased. 8
The ship rested in the seventh month, on the
seventeenth day of the month, on Ararat’s mountains. 8
The waters receded continually until the tenth month.
In the tenth month, on the first day of the month, the tops of the mountains were seen.
8
It happened at the end of forty days, that Noah opened the window of the ship which he had made, 8
and he
sent out a raven. It went back and forth, until the waters were dried up from the earth. 8
He sent out a dove
from him, to see if the waters were abated from the surface of the ground, 8
but the dove found no place to rest
her foot, and she returned to him into the ship; for the waters were on the surface of the whole earth. He put
out his hand, and took her, and brought her to him into the ship. 8
He stayed yet another seven days; and again
he sent the dove out of the ship. 8
The dove came back to him at evening, and, behold, in her mouth was an
olive leaf plucked off. So Noah knew that the waters were abated from the earth. 8
He stayed yet another seven
days, and sent out the dove; and she didn’t return to him any more.
8
It happened in the six hundred first year, in the first month, the first day of the month, the waters were
dried up from the earth. Noah removed the covering of the ship, and looked. He saw that the surface of the
ground was dried. 8
In the second month, on the twenty-seventh day of the month, the earth was dry.
8
God spoke to Noah, saying, 8
“Go out of the ship, you, and your wife, and your sons, and your sons’ wives
with you. 8
Bring out with you every living thing that is with you of all flesh, including birds, livestock, and
every creeping thing that creeps on the earth, that they may breed abundantly in the earth, and be fruitful, and
multiply on the earth.”
8
Noah went out, with his sons, his wife, and his sons’ wives with him. 8
Every animal, every creeping thing,
and every bird, whatever moves on the earth, after their families, went out of the ship.
23 Genesis 8-10
8
Noah built an altar to Yahweh, and took of every clean animal, and of every clean bird, and offered burnt
offerings on the altar. 8
Yahweh smelled the pleasant aroma. Yahweh said in his heart, “I will not again curse
the ground any more for man’s sake, because the imagination of man’s heart is evil from his youth; neither
will I ever again strike everything living, as I have done. 8
While the earth remains, seed time and harvest, and
cold and heat, and summer and winter, and day and night shall not cease.” 8
9
God blessed Noah and his sons, and said to them, “Be fruitful, and multiply, and replenish the earth. 9
The
fear of you and the dread of you will be on every animal of the earth, and on every bird of the sky.
Everything that the ground teems with, and all the fish of the sea are delivered into your hand. 9
Every moving
thing that lives will be food for you. As the green herb, I have given everything to you. 9
But flesh with its life,
its blood, you shall not eat. 9
I will surely require your blood of your lives. At the hand of every animal I will
require it. At the hand of man, even at the hand of every man’s brother, I will require the life of man.
9
Whoever sheds man’s blood, his blood will be shed by man, for God made man in his own image. 9
Be fruitful
and multiply. Increase abundantly in the earth, and multiply in it.”
9
God spoke to Noah and to his sons with him, saying, 9
“As for me, behold, I establish my covenant with
you, and with your offspring after you, 9
and with every living creature that is with you: the birds, the
livestock, and every animal of the earth with you, of all that go out of the ship, even every animal of the
earth. 9
I will establish my covenant with you: all flesh will not be cut off any more by the waters of the flood,
neither will there ever again be a flood to destroy the earth.” 9
God said, “This is the token of the covenant
which I make between me and you and every living creature that is with you, for perpetual generations: 9
I set
my rainbow in the cloud, and it will be for a sign of a covenant between me and the earth. 9
It will happen,
when I bring a cloud over the earth, that the rainbow will be seen in the cloud, 9
and I will remember my
covenant, which is between me and you and every living creature of all flesh, and the waters will no more
become a flood to destroy all flesh. 9
The rainbow will be in the cloud. I will look at it, that I may remember
the everlasting covenant between God and every living creature of all flesh that is on the earth.” 9
God said to
Noah, “This is the token of the covenant which I have established between me and all flesh that is on the
earth.”
9
The sons of Noah who went out from the ship were Shem, Ham, and Japheth. Ham is the father of
Canaan. 9
These three were the sons of Noah, and from these, the whole earth was populated.
9
Noah began to be a farmer, and planted a vineyard. 9
He drank of the wine and got drunk. He was
uncovered within his tent. 9
Ham, the father of Canaan, saw the nakedness of his father, and told his two
brothers outside. 9
Shem and Japheth took a garment, and laid it on both their shoulders, went in backwards,
and covered the nakedness of their father. Their faces were backwards, and they didn’t see their father’s
nakedness. 9
Noah awoke from his wine, and knew what his youngest son had done to him. 9
He said,
“Canaan is cursed.
He will be servant of servants to his brothers.”
9
He said,
“Blessed be Yahweh, the God of Shem.
Let Canaan be his servant.
9
May God enlarge Japheth.
Let him dwell in the tents of Shem.
Let Canaan be his servant.”
9
Noah lived three hundred fifty years after the flood. 9
All the days of Noah were nine hundred fifty years,
then he died. 9
10
Now this is the history of the generations of the sons of Noah and of Shem, Ham, and Japheth. Sons were
born to them after the flood.
10
The sons of Japheth: Gomer, Magog, Madai, Javan, Tubal, Meshech, and Tiras. 10
The sons of Gomer:
Ashkenaz, Riphath, and Togarmah. 10
The sons of Javan: Elishah, Tarshish, Kittim, and Dodanim. 10
Of these
Genesis 10-11 24
were the islands of the nations divided in their lands, everyone after his language, after their families, in their
nations.
10
The sons of Ham: Cush, Mizraim, Put, and Canaan. 10
The sons of Cush: Seba, Havilah, Sabtah, Raamah,
and Sabteca. The sons of Raamah: Sheba and Dedan. 10
Cush became the father of Nimrod. He began to be a
mighty one in the earth. 10
He was a mighty hunter before Yahweh. Therefore it is said, “Like Nimrod, a
mighty hunter before Yahweh.” 10
The beginning of his kingdom was Babel, Erech, Accad, and Calneh, in the
land of Shinar. 10
Out of that land he went into Assyria, and built Nineveh, Rehoboth Ir, Calah, 10
and Resen
between Nineveh and Calah (the same is the great city). 10
Mizraim became the father of Ludim, Anamim,
Lehabim, Naphtuhim, 10
Pathrusim, Casluhim (which the Philistines descended from), and Caphtorim.
10
Canaan became the father of Sidon (his firstborn), Heth, 10
the Jebusite, the Amorite, the Girgashite, 10
the
Hivite, the Arkite, the Sinite, 10
the Arvadite, the Zemarite, and the Hamathite. Afterward the families of the
Canaanites were spread abroad. 10
The border of the Canaanites was from Sidon, as you go toward Gerar, to
Gaza; as you go toward Sodom, Gomorrah, Admah, and Zeboiim, to Lasha. 10
These are the sons of Ham, after
their families, after their languages, in their lands, in their nations.
10
To Shem, the father of all the children of Eber, the elder brother of Japheth, to him also were children
born. 10
The sons of Shem: Elam, Asshur, Arpachshad, Lud, and Aram. 10
The sons of Aram: Uz, Hul, Gether,
and Mash. 10
Arpachshad became the father of Shelah. Shelah became the father of Eber. 10
To Eber were born
two sons. The name of the one was Peleg, for in his days the earth was divided. His brother’s name was
Joktan. 10
Joktan became the father of Almodad, Sheleph, Hazarmaveth, Jerah, 10
Hadoram, Uzal, Diklah, 10
Obal,
Abimael, Sheba, 10
Ophir, Havilah, and Jobab. All these were the sons of Joktan. 10
Their dwelling was from
Mesha, as you go toward Sephar, the mountain of the east. 1 0
These are the sons of Shem, after their families,
after their languages, in their lands, after their nations.
10
These are the families of the sons of Noah, after their generations, in their nations. Of these were the
nations divided in the earth after the flood. 10
11
The whole earth was of one language and of one speech. 11
It happened, as they traveled east, that they
found a plain in the land of Shinar, and they lived there. 11
They said one to another, “Come, let’s make bricks,
and burn them thoroughly.” They had brick for stone, and they used tar for mortar. 11
They said, “Come, let’s
build ourselves a city, and a tower whose top reaches to the sky, and let’s make ourselves a name, lest we be
scattered abroad on the surface of the whole earth.”
11
Yahweh came down to see the city and the tower, which the children of men built. 11
Yahweh said,
“Behold, they are one people, and they have all one language, and this is what they begin to do. Now nothing
will be withheld from them, which they intend to do. 11
Come, let’s go down, and there confuse their language,
that they may not understand one another’s speech.” 11
So Yahweh scattered them abroad from there on the
surface of all the earth. They stopped building the city. 11
Therefore its name was called Babel, because there
Yahweh confused the language of all the earth. From there, Yahweh scattered them abroad on the surface of
all the earth.
11
This is the history of the generations of Shem. Shem was one hundred years old and became the father of
Arpachshad two years after the flood. 11
Shem lived five hundred years after he became the father of
Arpachshad, and became the father of sons and daughters.
11
Arpachshad lived thirty-five years and became the father of Shelah. 11
Arpachshad lived four hundred three
years after he became the father of Shelah, and became the father of sons and daughters.
11
Shelah lived thirty years, and became the father of Eber: 11
and Shelah lived four hundred three years after
he became the father of Eber, and became the father of sons and daughters.
11
Eber lived thirty-four years, and became the father of Peleg. 11
Eber lived four hundred thirty years after he
became the father of Peleg, and became the father of sons and daughters.
11
Peleg lived thirty years, and became the father of Reu. 11
Peleg lived two hundred nine years after he
became the father of Reu, and became the father of sons and daughters.
11
Reu lived thirty-two years, and became the father of Serug. 11
Reu lived two hundred seven years after he
became the father of Serug, and became the father of sons and daughters.
25 Genesis 11-13
11
Serug lived thirty years, and became the father of Nahor. 11
Serug lived two hundred years after he became
the father of Nahor, and became the father of sons and daughters.
11
Nahor lived twenty-nine years, and became the father of Terah. 11
Nahor lived one hundred nineteen years
after he became the father of Terah, and became the father of sons and daughters.
11
Terah lived seventy years, and became the father of Abram, Nahor, and Haran.
11
Now this is the history of the generations of Terah. Terah became the father of Abram, Nahor, and Haran.
Haran became the father of Lot. 11
Haran died before his father Terah in the land of his birth, in Ur of the
Chaldees. 11
Abram and Nahor took wives. The name of Abram’s wife was Sarai, and the name of Nahor’s
wife, Milcah, the daughter of Haran who was also the father of Iscah. 11
Sarai was barren. She had no child.
11
Terah took Abram his son, Lot the son of Haran, his son’s son, and Sarai his daughter-in-law, his son
Abram’s wife. They went from Ur of the Chaldees, to go into the land of Canaan. They came to Haran and
lived there. 11
The days of Terah were two hundred five years. Terah died in Haran. 11
12
Now Yahweh said to Abram, “Get out of your country, and from your relatives, and from your father’s
house, to the land that I will show you. 12
I will make of you a great nation. I will bless you and make your
name great. You will be a blessing. 12
I will bless those who bless you, and I will curse him who curses you. All
of the families of the earth will be blessed in you.”
12
So Abram went, as Yahweh had spoken to him. Lot went with him. Abram was seventy-five years old
when he departed out of Haran. 12
Abram took Sarai his wife, Lot his brother’s son, all their substance that they
had gathered, and the souls whom they had gotten in Haran, and they went to go into the land of Canaan. Into
the land of Canaan they came. 12
Abram passed through the land to the place of Shechem, to the oak of Moreh.
The Canaanite was then in the land.
12
Yahweh appeared to Abram and said, “I will give this land to your seed a.”
He built an altar there to Yahweh, who appeared to him. 12
He left from there to the mountain on the east of
Bethel, and pitched his tent, having Bethel on the west, and Ai on the east. There he built an altar to Yahweh
and called on the name of Yahweh. 12
Abram traveled, going on still toward the South.
12
There was a famine in the land. Abram went down into Egypt to live as a foreigner there, for the famine
was severe in the land. 12
It happened, when he had come near to enter Egypt, that he said to Sarai his wife,
“See now, I know that you are a beautiful woman to look at. 12
It will happen, when the Egyptians will see you,
that they will say, ‘This is his wife.’ They will kill me, but they will save you alive. 12
Please say that you are
my sister, that it may be well with me for your sake, and that my soul may live because of you.”
12
It happened that when Abram had come into Egypt, the Egyptians saw that the woman was very
beautiful. 12
The princes of Pharaoh saw her, and praised her to Pharaoh; and the woman was taken into
Pharaoh’s house. 12
He dealt well with Abram for her sake. He had sheep, cattle, male donkeys, male servants,
female servants, female donkeys, and camels. 12
Yahweh plagued Pharaoh and his house with great plagues
because of Sarai, Abram’s wife. 12
Pharaoh called Abram and said, “What is this that you have done to me?
Why didn’t you tell me that she was your wife? 12
Why did you say, ‘She is my sister,’ so that I took her to be
my wife? Now therefore, see your wife, take her, and go your way.”
12
Pharaoh commanded men concerning him, and they brought him on the way with his wife and all that he
had. 12
13
Abram went up out of Egypt: he, his wife, all that he had, and Lot with him, into the South. 13
Abram was
very rich in livestock, in silver, and in gold. 13
He went on his journeys from the South even to Bethel, to the
place where his tent had been at the beginning, between Bethel and Ai, 13
to the place of the altar, which he had
made there at the first. There Abram called on the name of Yahweh. 13
Lot also, who went with Abram, had
flocks, and herds, and tents. 13
The land was not able to bear them, that they might live together: for their
substance was great, so that they could not live together. 13
There was a strife between the herdsmen of
Abram’s livestock and the herdsmen of Lot’s livestock: and the Canaanite and the Perizzite lived in the land
at that time. 13
Abram said to Lot, “Please, let there be no strife between me and you, and between my
aor, offspring
Genesis 13-14 26
herdsmen and your herdsmen; for we are relatives. 13
Isn’t the whole land before you? Please separate yourself
from me. If you go to the left hand, then I will go to the right. Or if you go to the right hand, then I will go to
the left.”
13
Lot lifted up his eyes, and saw all the plain of the Jordan, that it was well-watered everywhere, before
Yahweh destroyed Sodom and Gomorrah, like the garden of Yahweh, like the land of Egypt, as you go to
Zoar. 13
So Lot chose the Plain of the Jordan for himself. Lot traveled east, and they separated themselves the
one from the other. 13
Abram lived in the land of Canaan, and Lot lived in the cities of the plain, and moved his
tent as far as Sodom. 13
Now the men of Sodom were exceedingly wicked and sinners against Yahweh.
13
Yahweh said to Abram, after Lot was separated from him, “Now, lift up your eyes, and look from the
place where you are, northward and southward and eastward and westward, 13
for all the land which you see, I
will give to you, and to your offspring forever. 13
I will make your offspring as the dust of the earth, so that if a
man can number the dust of the earth, then your seed may also be numbered. 13
Arise, walk through the land in
its length and in its breadth; for I will give it to you.”
13
Abram moved his tent, and came and lived by the oaks of Mamre, which are in Hebron, and built an altar
there to Yahweh. 13
14
It happened in the days of Amraphel, king of Shinar, Arioch, king of Ellasar, Chedorlaomer, king of
Elam, and Tidal, king of Goiim, 14
that they made war with Bera, king of Sodom, and with Birsha, king of
Gomorrah, Shinab, king of Admah, and Shemeber, king of Zeboiim, and the king of Bela (the same is Zoar).
14
All these joined together in the valley of Siddim (the same is the Salt Sea). 14
Twelve years they served
Chedorlaomer, and in the thirteenth year, they rebelled. 14
In the fourteenth year Chedorlaomer came, and the
kings who were with him, and struck the Rephaim in Ashteroth Karnaim, and the Zuzim in Ham, and the
Emim in Shaveh Kiriathaim, 14
and the Horites in their Mount Seir, to Elparan, which is by the wilderness.
14
They returned, and came to En Mishpat (the same is Kadesh), and struck all the country of the Amalekites,
and also the Amorites, that lived in Hazazon Tamar. 14
The king of Sodom, and the king of Gomorrah, and the
king of Admah, and the king of Zeboiim, and the king of Bela (the same is Zoar) went out; and they set the
battle in array against them in the valley of Siddim; 14
against Chedorlaomer king of Elam, and Tidal king of
Goiim, and Amraphel king of Shinar, and Arioch king of Ellasar; four kings against the five. 14
Now the valley
of Siddim was full of tar pits; and the kings of Sodom and Gomorrah fled, and they fell there, and those who
remained fled to the hills. 14
They took all the goods of Sodom and Gomorrah, and all their food, and went their
way. 14
They took Lot, Abram’s brother’s son, who lived in Sodom, and his goods, and departed.
14
One who had escaped came and told Abram, the Hebrew. Now he lived by the oaks of Mamre, the
Amorite, brother of Eshcol, and brother of Aner; and these were allies of Abram. 14
When Abram heard that his
relative was taken captive, he led out his trained men, born in his house, three hundred and eighteen, and
pursued as far as Dan. 14
He divided himself against them by night, he and his servants, and struck them, and
pursued them to Hobah, which is on the left hand of Damascus. 14
He brought back all the goods, and also
brought back his relative, Lot, and his goods, and the women also, and the people.
14
The king of Sodom went out to meet him, after his return from the slaughter of Chedorlaomer and the
kings who were with him, at the valley of Shaveh (that is, the King’s Valley). 14
Melchizedek king of Salem
brought out bread and wine: and he was priest of God Most High. 14
He blessed him, and said, “Blessed be
Abram of God Most High, possessor of heaven and earth: 14
and blessed be God Most High, who has delivered
your enemies into your hand.”
Abram gave him a tenth of all.
14
The king of Sodom said to Abram, “Give me the people, and take the goods to yourself.”
14
Abram said to the king of Sodom, “I have lifted up my hand to Yahweh, God Most High, possessor of
heaven and earth, 14
that I will not take a thread nor a sandal strap nor anything that is yours, lest you should
say, ‘I have made Abram rich.’ 14
I will accept nothing from you except that which the young men have eaten,
and the portion of the men who went with me: Aner, Eshcol, and Mamre. Let them take their portion.” 14
27 Genesis 15-16
15
After these things the word of Yahweh came to Abram in a vision, saying, “Don’t be afraid, Abram. I am
your shield, your exceedingly great reward.”
15
Abram said, “Lorda Yahweh, what will you give me, since I go childless, and he who will inherit my
estate is Eliezer of Damascus?” 15
Abram said, “Behold, to me you have given no seed: and, behold, one born
in my house is my heir.”
15
Behold, the word of Yahweh came to him, saying, “This man will not be your heir, but he who will come
out of your own body will be your heir.” 15
Yahweh brought him outside, and said, “Look now toward the sky,
and count the stars, if you are able to count them.” He said to Abram, “So shall your seed be.” 15
He believed in
Yahweh; and he reckoned it to him for righteousness. 15
He said to him, “I am Yahweh who brought you out of
Ur of the Chaldees, to give you this land to inherit it.”
15
He said, “Lord Yahweh, how will I know that I will inherit it?”
15
He said to him, “Bring me a heifer three years old, a female goat three years old, a ram three years old, a
turtledove, and a young pigeon.” 15
He brought him all of these, and divided them in the middle, and laid each
half opposite the other; but he didn’t divide the birds. 15
The birds of prey came down on the carcasses, and
Abram drove them away.
15
When the sun was going down, a deep sleep fell on Abram. Now terror and great darkness fell on him.
15
He said to Abram, “Know for sure that your seed will live as foreigners in a land that is not theirs, and will
serve them. They will afflict them four hundred years. 15
I will also judge that nation, whom they will serve.
Afterward they will come out with great wealth, 15
but you will go to your fathers in peace. You will be buried
in a good old age. 15
In the fourth generation they will come here again, for the iniquity of the Amorite is not
yet full.” 15
It came to pass that, when the sun went down, and it was dark, behold, a smoking furnace, and a
flaming torch passed between these pieces. 15
In that day Yahweh made a covenant with Abram, saying, “To
your seed I have given this land, from the river of Egypt to the great river, the river Euphrates: 15
the Kenites,
the Kenizzites, the Kadmonites, 15
the Hittites, the Perizzites, the Rephaim, 15
the Amorites, the Canaanites, the
Girgashites, and the Jebusites.” 15
16
Now Sarai, Abram’s wife, bore him no children. She had a handmaid, an Egyptian, whose name was
Hagar. 16
Sarai said to Abram, “See now, Yahweh has restrained me from bearing. Please go in to my
handmaid. It may be that I will obtain children by her.” Abram listened to the voice of Sarai. 16
Sarai, Abram’s
wife, took Hagar the Egyptian, her handmaid, after Abram had lived ten years in the land of Canaan, and
gave her to Abram her husband to be his wife. 16
He went in to Hagar, and she conceived. When she saw that
she had conceived, her mistress was despised in her eyes. 16
Sarai said to Abram, “This wrong is your fault. I
gave my handmaid into your bosom, and when she saw that she had conceived, I was despised in her eyes.
Yahweh judge between me and you.”
16
But Abram said to Sarai, “Behold, your maid is in your hand. Do to her whatever is good in your eyes.”
Sarai dealt harshly with her, and she fled from her face.
16
The angel of Yahweh found her by a fountain of water in the wilderness, by the fountain on the way to
Shur. 16
He said, “Hagar, Sarai’s handmaid, where did you come from? Where are you going?”
She said, “I am fleeing from the face of my mistress Sarai.”
16
The angel of Yahweh said to her, “Return to your mistress, and submit yourself under her hands.” 16
The
angel of Yahweh said to her, “I will greatly multiply your seed, that they will not be numbered for
multitude.” 16
The angel of Yahweh said to her, “Behold, you are with child, and will bear a son. You shall call
his name Ishmael, because Yahweh has heard your affliction. 16
He will be like a wild donkey among men. His
hand will be against every man, and every man’s hand against him. He will live opposite all of his brothers.”
16
She called the name of Yahweh who spoke to her, “You are a God who sees,” for she said, “Have I even
stayed alive after seeing him?” 16
Therefore the well was called Beer Lahai Roi.b Behold, it is between Kadesh
and Bered.
aThe word translated “Lord” is “Adonai.”
bBeer Lahai Roi means “well of the one who lives and sees me.”



The Prayer of the Apostle Paul 



CODEX I 

Translation by Dieter Mueller 

Selection made from James M. Robinson, ed., The Nag Hammadi Library, revised edition. HarperCollins, San Francisco, 1990. 



(Approximately two lines are missing.) 

... your light, give me your mercy! My Redeemer, redeem me, for I 
am yours; the one who has come forth from you. You are my mind; 
bring me forth! You are my treasure house; open for me! You are my 
fullness; take me to you! You are (my) repose; give me the perfect 
thing that cannot be grasped! 

I invoke you, the one who is and who pre-existed in the name which 
is exalted above every name, through Jesus Christ, the Lord of Lords, 
the King of the ages; give me your gifts, of which you do not repent, 
through the Son of Man, the Spirit, the Paraclete of truth. Give me 
authority when I ask you; give healing for my body when I ask you 
through the Evangelist, and redeem my eternal light soul and my 
spirit. And the First-born of the Pleroma of grace — reveal him to my 
mind! 

Grant what no angel eye has seen and no archon ear (has) heard, and 
what has not entered into the human heart which came to be angelic 
and (modelled) after the image of the psychic God when it was 
formed in the beginning, since I have faith and hope. And place upon 
me your beloved, elect, and blessed greatness, the First-born, the 
First-begotten, and the wonderful mystery of your house; for yours is 
the power and the glory and the praise and the greatness for ever 
and ever. Amen. 



Prayer of Paul (the) Apostle. 
In Peace. 
Christ is holy. 



1 4 



The Apocryphon of James 



CODEX I 

Translated by Francis E. Williams 

Selection made from James M. Robinson, ed., The Nag Hammadi Library, revised edition. HarperCollins, San Francisco, 1990. 

James writes to [...]: Peace be with you from Peace, love from Love, grace from Grace, faith from 
Faith, life from Holy Life! 

Since you asked that I send you a secret book which was revealed to me and Peter by the Lord, I 
could not turn you away or gainsay (?) you; but I have written it in the Hebrew alphabet and sent 
it to you, and you alone. But since you are a minister of the salvation of the saints, endeavor 
earnestly and take care not to rehearse this text to many - this that the Savior did not wish to tell to 
all of us, his twelve disciples. But blessed will they be who will be saved through the faith of this 
discourse. 

I also sent you, ten months ago, another secret book which the Savior had revealed to me. Under 
the circumstances, however, regard that one as revealed to me, James; but this one ... 
[untranslatable fragments] ... the twelve disciples were all sitting together and recalling what the 
Savior had said to each one of them, whether in secret or openly, and putting it in books - But I 
was writing that which was in my book - lo, the Savior appeared, after departing from us while 
we gazed after him. And five hundred and fifty days since he had risen from the dead, we said to 
him, "Have you departed and removed yourself from us?" But Jesus said, "No, but I shall go to the 
place from whence I came. If you wish to come with me, come!" 

They all answered and said, "If you bid us, we come." 

He said, "Verily I say unto you, no one will ever enter the kingdom of heaven at my bidding, but 
(only) because you yourselves are full. Leave James and Peter to me, that I may fill them." And 
having called these two, he drew them aside and bade the rest occupy themselves with that which 
they were about. 

The Savior said, "You have received mercy ... (7 lines missing) 

Do you not, then, desire to be filled? And your heart is drunken; do you not, then, desire to be 
sober? Therefore, be ashamed! Henceforth, waking or sleeping, remember that you have seen the 
Son of Man, and spoken with him in person, and listened to him in person. Woe to those who 
have seen the Son of Man; blessed will they be who have not seen the man, and they who have not 
consorted with him, and they who have not spoken with him, and they who have not listened to 
anything from him; yours is life! Know, then, that he healed you when you were ill, that you 
might reign. Woe to those who have found relief from their illness, for they will relapse into 
illness. Blessed are they who have not been ill, and have known relief before falling ill; yours is the 
kingdom of God. Therefore, I say to you, 'Become full, and leave no space within you empty, for 
he who is coming can mock you." 

Then Peter replied, "Lo, three times you have told us, 'Become full'; but we are full." 

The Savior answered and said, "For this cause I have said to you, 'Become full,' that you may not 
be in want. They who are in want, however, will not be saved. For it is good to be full, and bad to 
be in want. Hence, just as it is good that you be in want and, conversely, bad that you be full, so he 
who is full is in want, and he who is in want does not become full as he who is in want becomes 
full, and he who has been filled, in turn attains due perfection. Therefore, you must be in want 
while it is possible to fill you, and be full while it is possible for you to be in want, so that you may 
be able to fill yourselves the more. Hence, become full of the Spirit, but be in want of reason, for 
reason <belongs to> the soul; in turn, it is (of the nature of) soul." 

But I answered and said to him, "Lord, we can obey you if you wish, for we have forsaken our 
fathers and our mothers and our villages, and followed you. Grant us, therefore, not to be tempted 
by the devil, the evil one." 

- 15 - 



The Lord answered and said, "What is your merit if you do the will of the Father and it is not 
given to you from him as a gift while you are tempted by Satan? But if you are oppressed by 
Satan, and persecuted, and you do his (i.e., the Father's) will, I say that he will love you, and make 
you equal with me, and reckon you to have become beloved through his providence by your own 
choice. So will you not cease loving the flesh and being afraid of sufferings? Or do you not know 
that you have yet to be abused and to be accused unjustly; and have yet to be shut up in prison, 
and condemned unlawfully, and crucified <without> reason, and buried as I myself, by the evil 
one? Do you dare to spare the flesh, you for whom the Spirit is an encircling wall? If you consider 
how long the world existed <before> you, and how long it will exist after you, you will find that 
your life is one single day, and your sufferings one single hour. For the good will not enter into the 
world. Scorn death, therefore, and take thought for life! Remember my cross and my death, and 
you will live!" 

But I answered and said to him, "Lord, do not mention to us the cross and death, for they are far 
from you." 

The Lord answered and said, "Verily, I say unto you, none will be saved unless they believe in my 
cross. But those who have believed in my cross, theirs is the kingdom of God. Therefore, become 
seekers for death, like the dead who seek for life; for that which they seek is revealed to them. And 
what is there to trouble them? As for you, when you examine death, it will teach you election. 
Verily, I say unto you, none of those who fear death will be saved; for the kingdom belongs to 
those who put themselves to death. Become better than I; make yourselves like the son of the Holy 
Spirit!" 

Then I asked him, "Lord, how shall we be able to prophesy to those who request us to prophesy to 
them? For there are many who ask us, and look to us to hear an oracle from us." 

The Lord answered and said, "Do you not know that the head of prophecy was cut off with John?" 

But I said, "Lord, can it be possible to remove the head of prophecy?" 

The Lord said to me, "When you come to know what 'head' means, and that prophecy issues from 
the head, (then) understand the meaning of 'Its head was removed.' At first I spoke to you in 
parables, and you did not understand; now I speak to you openly, and you (still) do not perceive. 
Yet, it was you who served me as a parable in parables, and as that which is open in the (words) 
that are open. 

"Hasten to be saved without being urged! Instead, be eager of your own accord, and, if possible, 
arrive even before me; for thus the Father will love you." 

"Come to hate hypocrisy and the evil thought; for it is the thought that gives birth to hypocrisy; 
but hypocrisy is far from truth." 

"Do not allow the kingdom of heaven to wither; for it is like a palm shoot whose fruit has dropped 
down around it. They (i.e., the fallen fruit) put forth leaves, and after they had sprouted, they 
caused their womb to dry up. So it is also with the fruit which had grown from this single root; 
when it had been picked (?), fruit was borne by many (?). It (the root) was certainly good, (and) if 
it were possible for you to produce the new plants now, <you> would find it." 

"Since I have already been glorified in this fashion, why do you hold me back in my eagerness to 
go? For after the labor, you have compelled me to stay with you another eighteen days for the sake 
of the parables. It was enough for some <to listen> to the teaching and understand 'The 
Shepherds' and 'The Seed' and 'The Building' and 'The Lamps of the Virgins' and 'The Wage of the 
Workmen' and the 'Didrachmae' and 'The Woman.'" 

"Become earnest about the word! For as to the word, its first part is faith; the second, love; the 
third, works; for from these comes life. For the word is like a grain of wheat; when someone had 
sown it, he had faith in it; and when it had sprouted, he loved it, because he had seen many grains 
in place of one. And when he had worked, he was saved, because he had prepared it for food, 
(and) again he left (some) to sow. So also can you yourselves receive the kingdom of heaven; 
unless you receive this through knowledge, you will not be able to find it." 



1 6 



"Therefore, I say to you, be sober; do not be deceived! And many times have I said to you all 
together, and also to you alone, James, have I said, 'Be saved! 1 And I have commanded you to 
follow me, and I have taught you what to say before the archons. Observe that I have descended 
and have spoken and undergone tribulation, and carried off my crown after saving you. For I 
came down to dwell with you, so that you in turn might dwell with me. And, finding your houses 
unceiled, I have made my abode in the houses that could receive me at the time of my descent." 

"Therefore, trust in me, my brethren; understand what the great light is. The Father has no need of 
me, - for a father does not need a son, but it is the son who needs the father - though I go to him. 
For the Father of the Son has no need of you." 

"Hearken to the word, understand knowledge, love life, and no one will persecute you, nor will 
anyone oppress you, other than you yourselves." 

"O you wretches; O you unfortunates; O you pretenders to the truth; O you falsifiers of 
knowledge; O you sinners against the Spirit: can you still bear to listen, when it behooved you to 
speak from the first? Can you still bear to sleep, when it behooved you to be awake from the first, 
so that the kingdom of heaven might receive you? Verily, I say unto you, had I been sent to those 
who listen to me, and had I spoken with them, I would never have come down to earth. So, then, 
be ashamed for these things." 

"Behold, I shall depart from you and go away, and do not wish to remain with you any longer, just 
as your yourselves have not wished it. Now, therefore, follow me quickly. This is why I say unto 
you, 'For your sakes I came down.' You are the beloved; you are they who will be the cause of life 
in many. Invoke the Father, implore God often, and he will give to you. Blessed is he who has seen 
you with Him when He was proclaimed among the angels, and glorified among the saints; yours 
is life. Rejoice, and be glad, as sons of God. Keep his will, that you may be saved; accept reproof 
from me and save yourselves. I intercede on your behalf with the Father, and he will forgive you 
much." 

And when we had heard these words, we became glad, for we had been grieved at the words we 
have mentioned before. But when he saw us rejoicing, he said, "Woe to you who lack an advocate! 
Woe to you who stand in need of grace! Blessed will they be who have spoken out and obtained 
grace for themselves. Liken yourselves to foreigners; of what sort are they in the eyes of your city? 
Why are you disturbed when you cast yourselves away of your own accord and separate 
yourselves from your city? Why do you abandon your dwelling place of your own accord, making 
it ready for those who want to dwell in it? O you outcasts and fugitives, woe to you, for you will 
be caught! Or do you perhaps think that the Father is a lover of mankind, or that he is won over 
without prayers, or that he grants remission to one on another's behalf, or that he bears with one 
who asks? - For he knows the desire, and also what it is that the flesh needs! - (Or do you think) 
that it is not this (flesh) that desires the soul? For without the soul, the body does not sin, just as 
the soul is not saved without the spirit. But if the soul is saved (when it is) without evil, and the 
spirit is also saved, then the body becomes free from sin. For it is the spirit that raises the soul, but 
the body that kills it; that is, it is it (the soul) which kills itself. Verily, I say unto you, he will not 
forgive the soul the sin by any means, nor the flesh the guilt; for none of those who have worn the 
flesh will be saved. For do you think that many have found the kingdom of heaven? Blessed is he 
who has seen himself as a fourth one in heaven!" 

When we heard these words, we were distressed. But when he saw that we were distressed, he 
said, "For this cause I tell you this, that you may know yourselves. For the kingdom of heaven is 
like an ear of grain after it had sprouted in a field. And when it had ripened, it scattered its fruit 
and again filled the field with ears for another year. You also, hasten to reap an ear of life for 
yourselves, that you may be filled with the kingdom! " 

"And as long as I am with you, give heed to me, and obey me; but when I depart from you, 
remember me. And remember me because when I was with you, you did not know me. Blessed 
will they be who have known me; woe to those who have heard and have not believed! Blessed 
will they be who have not see, yet have believed!" 



1 7 



"And once more I prevail upon you, for I am revealed to you building a house which is of great 
value to you when you find shelter beneath it, just as it will be able to stand by your neighbors' 
house when it threatens to fall. Verily, I say unto you, woe to those for whose sakes I was sent 
down to this place; blessed will they be who ascend to the Father! Once more I reprove you, you 
who are; become like those who are not, that you may be with those who are not." 

"Do not make the kingdom of heaven a desert within you. Do not be proud because of the light 
that illumines, but be to yourselves as I myself am to you. For your sakes I have placed myself 
under the curse, that you may be saved." 

But Peter replied to these words and said, "Sometimes you urge us on to the kingdom of heaven, 
and then again you turn us back, Lord; sometimes you persuade and draw us to faith and promise 
us life, and then again you cast us forth from the kingdom of heaven." 

But the Lord answered and said to us, "I have given you faith many times; moreover, I have 
revealed myself to you, James, and you (all) have not known me. Now again, I see you rejoicing 
many times; and when you are elated at the promise of life, are you yet sad, and do you grieve, 
when you are instructed in the kingdom? But you, through faith and knowledge, have received 
life. Therefore, disdain the rejection when you hear it, but when you hear the promise, rejoice the 
more. Verily, I say unto you, he who will receive life and believe in the kingdom will never leave 
it, not even if the Father wishes to banish him." 

"These are the things that I shall tell you so far; now, however, I shall ascend to the place from 
whence I came. But you, when I was eager to go, have cast me out, and instead of accompanying 
me, you have pursued me. But pay heed to the glory that awaits me, and, having opened your 
heart, listen to the hymns that await me up in the heavens; for today I must take (my place at) the 
right hand of the Father. But I have said (my) last word to you, and I shall depart from you, for a 
chariot of spirit has borne me aloft, and from this moment on, I shall strip myself, that I may clothe 
myself. But give heed; blessed are they who have proclaimed the Son before his descent, that 
when I have come, I might ascend (again). Thrice blessed are they who were proclaimed by the 
Son before they came to be, that you might have a portion among them." 

Having said these words, he departed. But we bent (our) knee(s), I and Peter, and gave thanks, 
and sent our heart(s) upwards to heaven. We heard with our ears, and saw with our eyes, the 
noise of wars, and a trumpet blare, and a great turmoil. 

And when we had passed beyond that place, we sent our mind(s) farther upwards, and saw with 
our eyes and heard with our ears hymns, and angelic benedictions, and angelic rejoicing. And 
heavenly majesties were singing praise, and we, too, rejoiced. 

After this again, we wished to send our spirit upward to the Majesty, and after ascending, we 
were not permitted to see or hear anything, for the other disciples called us and asked us, "What 
did you hear from the Master. And what has he said to you? And where did he go?" 

But we answered them, "He has ascended, and has given us a pledge, and promised life to us all, 
and revealed to us children (?) who are to come after us, after bidding us love them, as we would 
be saved for their sakes." 

And when they heard (this), they indeed believed the revelation, but were displeased about those 
to be born. And so, not wishing to give them offense, I sent each one to another place. But I myself 
went up to Jerusalem, praying that I might obtain a portion among the beloved, who will be made 
manifest. 

And I pray that the beginning may come from you, for thus I shall be capable of salvation, since 
they will be enlightened through me, by my faith - and through another (faith) that is better than 
mine, for I would that mine be the lesser. Endeavor earnestly, then, to make yourself like them, 
and pray that you may obtain a portion with them. For because of what I have said, the Savior did 
not make the revelation to us for their sakes. We do, indeed, proclaim a portion with those for 
whom the proclamation was made - those whom the Lord has made his sons. 



The Apocryphon of James 



CODEX I 
Translated by Ron Cameron 

From Ron Cameron, The Other Gospels (Westminster Press, Philadelphia, 1982), 
as quoted in Willis Barnstone, The Other Bihle (Harper & Row, San Francisco, 1984). 

James writes to you. Peace be with you from Peace, love from Love, grace from Grace, faith from 
Faith, life from Holy Life! 

Since you asked me to send you a secret book which was revealed to me and Peter by the Lord, I 
could neither refuse you nor speak directly to you, but I have written it in Hebrew letters and have 
sent it to you - and to you alone. But inasmuch as you are a minister of the salvation of the saints, 
endeavor earnestly and take care not to recount this book to many - this which the Savior did not 
desire to recount to all of us, his twelve disciples. But blessed are those who will be saved through 
faith in this discourse. 

Now I sent you ten months ago another secret book with the Savior revealed to me. But that one 
you are to regard in this manner, as revealed to me, James. 

Now the twelve disciples were sitting all together at the same time, and, remembering what the 
Savior had said to each one of them, whether secretly or openly, they were setting it down in 
books. And I was writing what was in my book - lo, the Savior appeared, after he had departed 
from us while we gazed at him. And five hundred and fifty days after he arose from the dead, we 
said to him: "Have you gone and departed from us?" 

And Jesus said: "No, but I shall go to the place from which I have come. If you desire to come with 
me, come." 

They all answered and said: "If you bid us, we'll come." 

He said: "Truly I say to you, no one ever will enter the Kingdom of Heaven if I bid him, but rather 
because you yourselves are full. Let me have James and Peter, in order that I may fill them." And 
when he called these two, he took them aside, and commanded the rest to busy themselves with 
that with which they had been busy. 

The Savior said; "You have received mercy.... (7 lines missing) Do you not desire, then, to be filled? 
And is your heart drunk? Do you not desire, then, to be sober? Therefore, be ashamed! And now, 
waking or sleeping, remember that you have seen the Son of Man, and with him you have spoken, 
and to him you have listened. Woe to those who have seen the Son of Man! Blessed are those who 
have not seen the Man, and who have not consorted with him, and who have not spoken with 
him, and who have not listened to anything from him. Yours is life! Know, therefore, that he 
healed you when you were ill, in order that you might reign. Woe to those who have rested from 
their illness, because they will relapse again into illness! Blessed are those who have not been ill, 
and have known rest before they became ill. Yours is the Kingdom of God! Therefore I say to you, 
become full and leave no place within you empty, since the Coming One is able to mock you." 

Then Peter answered: "Lord, three times you have said to us 'Become full', but we are full." 

The Lord answered and said: "Therefore I say unto you, become full, in order that you may not be 
diminished. Those who are diminished, however, will not be saved. For fullness is good and 
diminution is bad. Therefore, just as it is good for you to be diminished and, on the other hand, 
bad for you to be filled, so also the one who is full is diminished; and the one who is diminished is 
not filled as the one who is diminished is filled, and the one who is full, for his part, brings his 
sufficiency to completion. Therefore, it is fitting to be diminished while you can still be filled, and 
to be filled while it is still possible to be diminished, in order that you can fill yourselves the more. 
Therefore become full of the spirit but be diminished of reason. For reason is of the soul; and it is 
soul." 



1 9 



And I answered, and said to him: "Lord, we can obey you if you wish. For we have forsaken our 
forefathers and our mothers and our villages and have followed you. Grant us, therefore, not to be 
tempted by the wicked Devil." 

The Lord answered and said: "What is your merit when you do the will of the Father if it is not 
given to you by him as a gift, while you are tempted by Satan? But if you are oppressed by Satan 
and are persecuted and you do the Father's will, I say that he will love you and will make you 
equal with me and will consider that you have become beloved through his providence according 
to your free choice. Will you not cease, then, being lovers of the flesh and being afraid of 
sufferings? Or do you not know that you have not yet been mistreated and have not yet been 
accused unjustly, nor have you yet been shut up in prison, nor have you yet been condemned 
lawlessly, nor have you yet been crucified without reason, nor have you yet been buried 
shamefully, as was I myself, by the evil one? Do you dare to spare the flesh, you for whom the 
spirit is an encircling wall? If you contemplate the world, how long it is before you and also how 
long it is after you, you will find that your life is one single day and your sufferings, one single 
hour. For the good will not enter the world. Scorn death, therefore, and take concern for life. 
Remember my cross and my death and you will live." 

And I answered and said to him: "Lord, do not mention to us the cross and the death, for they are 
far from you." 

The Lord answered and said: "Truly I say to you, none will be saved unless they believe in my 
cross. But those who have believed in my cross, theirs is the Kingdom of God. Therefore, become 
seekers for death, just as the dead who seek for life, for that which they seek is revealed to them. 
And what is there to concern them? When you turn yourselves towards death, it will make known 
to you election. In truth I say to you, none of those who are afraid of death will be saved. For the 
Kingdom of God belongs to those who have put themselves to death. Become better than I; make 
yourselves like the son of the Holy Spirit." 

Then I questioned him: "Lord how may we prophesy to those who ask us to prophesy to them? 
For there are many who ask us and who look to us to hear an oracle from us." 

The Lord answered and said: "Do you not know that the head of prophecy was cut off with John?" 

And I said: "Lord, it is not possible to remove the head of prophecy, is it?" 

The Lord said to me: "When you come to know what 'head' is, and that prophecy issues from the 
head, then understand what is the meaning of 'Its head was removed'. I first spoke with you in 
parables, and you did not understand. Now, in turn, I speak with you openly, and you do not 
perceive. But it is you who were to me a parable in parables and what is apparent in what are 
open. 

"Be zealous to be saved without being urged. Rather, be ready on your own and, if possible, go 
before me. For thus the Father will love you. 

"Become haters of hypocrisy and evil thought. For it is thought which gives birth to hypocrisy, but 
hypocrisy is far from the truth. 

"Let not the Kingdom of Heaven wither away. For it is like a date palm shoot whose fruits poured 
down around it. It put forth leaves and, when they budded, they caused the productivity of the 
date palm to dry up. Thus it is also with the fruit which came from this single root; when the fruit 
was picked, fruits were collected by many harvesters. It would indeed be good if it were possible 
to produce these new plants now; for then you would find the Kingdom. 

"Since I have been glorified in this manner before this time, why do you all restrain me when I am 
eager to go? You have constrained me to remain with you eighteen more days for the sake of the 
parables. It sufficed for some persons to pay attention to the teaching and understand 'The 
Shepherds' and 'The Seed' and 'The Building 1 and 'The Lamps of the Virgins' and 'The Wage of the 
Workers' and 'The Double Drachma' and 'The Woman'. 

"Become zealous about the Word. For the Word's first condition is faith; the second is love; the 
third is works. Now from these comes life. For the Word is like a grain of wheat. When someone 
sowed it, he believed in it; and when it sprouted, he loved it, because he looked forward to many 



BO 



grains in the place of one; and when he worked it, he was saved, because he prepared it for food. 
Again he left some grains to sow. Thus it is also possible for you all to receive the Kingdom of 
Heaven: unless you receive it through knowledge, you will not be able to find it. 

"Therefore I say to you, be sober. Do not go astray. And many times I have said to you all together 
- and also to you alone, James, I have said - 'Be saved!' And I have commanded you to follow me, 
and I have taught you the response in the presence of the rulers. Observe that I have descended, 
and I have spoken, and I have troubled myself, and I have received my crown, when I saved you. 
For I have descended to dwell with you in order that you also may dwell with me. And when I 
found that your houses had no ceilings over them, I dwelt in houses which would be able to 
receive me when I descended. 

"Therefore, obey me, my brothers. Understand what the great light is. The Father does not need 
me. For a father does not need a son, but it is the son who needs the father. To him I am going, for 
the Father of the Son is not in need of you. 

"Pay attention to the Word. Understand Knowledge. Love Life. And no one will persecute you, 
nor will any one oppress you, other than you yourselves. 

"O you wretched! O you unfortunates! O you dissemblers of the truth! O you falsifiers of 
knowledge! O you sinners against the spirit! Do you even now dare to listen, when it behooved 
you to speak from the beginning? Do you even now dare to sleep, when it behooved you to be 
awake from the beginning, in order that the Kingdom of Heaven might receive you? In truth I say 
to you, it is easier for a holy one to sink into defilement, and for a man of light to sink into 
darkness, than for you to reign - or even not to reign! 

"I have remembered your tears and your grief and your sorrow. They are far from us. Now, then, 
you who are outside the inheritance of the Father, weep where it behooves you and grieve and 
proclaim that which is good, since the Son is ascending appropriately. In truth I say to you, had it 
been to those who would listen to me that I was sent, and had it been with them that I was to 
speak, I would have never descended upon the earth. And now, then, be ashamed on account of 
them. 

"Behold, I shall depart from you. I am going and I do not desire to remain with you any longer - 
just as you yourselves have not desired. Now, then, follow me quickly. Therefore I say to you, for 
your sake I have descended. You are the beloved; you are those who will become a cause of life for 
many. Beseech the Father. Implore God often, and he will give to you. Blessed is the one who has 
seen you with him when he is proclaimed among the angels and glorified among the saints. Yours 
is life! Rejoice and be glad as children of God. Keep his will in order that you may be saved. Take 
reproof from me and save yourselves. I intercede on your behalf with the Father, and he will 
forgive you much." 

And when we heard these things, we became elated, for we had been depressed on account of 
what we had said earlier. Now when he saw our rejoicing, he said: "Woe to you who are in want 
of an advocate! Woe to you who are in need of grace! Blessed are those who have spoken freely 
and have produced grace for themselves. Make yourselves like strangers; of what sort are they in 
the estimation of your city? Why are you troubled when you oust yourselves of your own accord 
and depart from your city? Why do you abandon your dwelling place of your own accord, 
readying it for those who desire to dwell in it? O you exiles and fugitives! Woe to you, because 
you will be caught! Or perhaps you imagine that the Father is a lover of humanity? Or that he is 
persuaded by prayers? Or that he is gracious to one on behalf of another? Or that he bears with 
one who seeks? For he knows the desire and also that which the flesh needs. Because it is not the 
flesh which yearns for the soul. For without the soul the body does not sin, just as the soul is not 
saved without the Spirit. But if the soul is saved when it is without evil, and if the spirit also is 
saved, then the body becomes sinless. For it is the spirit which animates the soul, but it is the body 
which kills it - that is, it is the soul which kills itself. Truly I say to you, the Father will not forgive 
the sin of the soul at all, nor the guilt of the flesh. For none of those who have worn the flesh will 
be saved. For do you imagine that many have found the Kingdom of Heaven? Blessed is the one 
who has seen himself as a fourth one in Heaven." 

- El - 



When we heard these things, we became distressed. Now when he saw that we were distressed, 
he said: "This is why I say this to you, that you may know yourselves. For the Kingdom of Heaven 
is like an ear of grain which sprouted in a field. And when it ripened, it scattered its fruit and, in 
turn, filled the field with ears of grain for another year. You also: be zealous to reap for yourselves 
an ear of life, in order that you may be filled with the Kingdom. 

"As long as I am with you, give heed to me and obey me. But when I am to depart from you, 
remember me. And remember me because I was with you without your knowing me. Blessed are 
those who have known me. Woe to those who have heard and have not believed! Blessed are 
those who have not seen but have had faith! 

"And once again I persuade you. For I am revealed to you building a house which is very valuable 
to you, since you take shelter under it; in the same way it will be able to support the house of your 
neighbors when theirs is in danger of falling. In truth I say to you, woe to those on behalf of whom 
I was sent down to this place! Blessed are those who are to ascend to the Father. Again I reprove 
you. You who are, make yourselves like those who are not, in order that you may come to be with 
those who are not. 

"Let not the Kingdom of Heaven become desolate among you. Do not become arrogant on account 
of the light which illumines. Rather, become to yourselves in this manner, as I am to you. For I 
have placed myself under the curse, in order that you may be saved" 

And Peter answered to this and said: "Sometimes you urge us on to the Kingdom of Heaven, and 
other times you turn us away, Lord. Sometimes you persuade us and impel us to faith and 
promise us life, and other times you expel us from the Kingdom of Heaven." 

And the Lord answered and said to us: "I have given you faith many times. Moreover, I have 
revealed myself to you, James, and you have not known me. Again, now I see you rejoicing many 
times. And when you are elated over the promise of life, are you nevertheless glum? And are you 
distressed when you are taught about the Kingdom? But you through faith and knowledge have 
received life. Therefore, scorn rejection when you hear it, but, when you hear the promise, be the 
more glad. In truth I say to you, the one who will receive life and believe in the Kingdom will 
never leave it - not even if the Father desires to banish him! 

"These things I shall say to you for the present. But now I shall ascend to the place from which I 
have come. But you, when I was eager to go, have driven me out, and, instead of your 
accompanying me, you have pursued me. But give heed to the glory which awaits me, and, 
having opened your hearts, listen to the hymns which await me up in heaven. For today I am 
obliged to take (my place) at the right hand of my Father. Now I have said my last word to you. I 
shall part from you. For a chariot of wind has taken me up, and from now on I shall strip myself in 
order that I may clothe myself. But give heed: blessed are those who have preached the Son before 
he descended, in order that, when I have come, I may ascend. Thrice-blessed are thos who were 
proclaimed by the Son before they came into being, in order that you may have a portion with 
them." 

When he said these things, he went away. And we knelt down, I and Peter, and gave thanks, and 
sent our hearts up to heaven. We heard with our ears and saw with our eyes the sound of wars 
and a trumpet call and a great commotion. 

And when we passed beyond that place, we sent out minds up further. And we saw with our eyes 
and heard with our ears hymns and angelic praises and angelic jubilation. And heavenly majesties 
were hymning, and we ourselves were jubilant. 

After this, we also desired to send our spirits above to the Majesty. And when we ascended, we 
were permitted neither to see nor to hear anything. For the rest of the disciples called to us and 
questioned us: "What is it that you have heard from the Master?" And, "What has he said to you?" 
And, "Where has he gone?" 

And we answered them: "He has ascended." And, "He has given us a pledge and has promised us 
all life and disclosed to us children who are to come after us, since he has bid us to love them, 
inasmuch as we will be saved for their sake." 



And when they heard, they believed the revelation, but were angry about those who would be 
born. Then I, not desiring to entice them to scandal, sent each one to another place. But I myself 
went up to Jerusalem, praying that I may obtain a portion with the beloved who are to be 
revealed. 

And I pray that the beginning may come from you, for thus I can be saved. Because they will be 
enlightened through me, through my faith and through another's which is better than mine, for I 
desire that mine become the lesser. Endeavor earnestly, therefore, to make yourself like them, and 
pray that you may obtain a portion with them. For apart from what I have recounted, the Savior 
did not disclose revelation to us. For their sake we proclaim, indeed, a portion with those for 
whom it was proclaimed, those whom the Lord has made his children. 



- E3 - 



The Gospel of Truth 



CODEX I 
Translated by Robert M. Grant 

From Robert M. Grant, Gnosticism (Harper & Brothers, New York, 1961), 
as quoted in Willis Barnstone, The Other Bible (Harper & Row, San Francisco, 1984). 

The gospel of truth is joy to those who have received from the Father of truth the gift of knowing 
him by the power of the Logos, who has come from the Pleroma and who is in the thought and the 
mind of the Father; he it is who is called "the Savior," since that is the name of the work which he 
must do for the redemption of those who have not known the Father. For the name of the gospel is 
the manifestation of hope, since that is the discovery of those who seek him, because the All 
sought him from whom it had come forth. You see, the All had been inside of him, that illimitable, 
inconceivable one, who is better than every thought. 

This ignorance of the Father brought about terror and fear. And terror became dense like a fog, 
that no one was able to see. Because of this, error became strong. But it worked on its hylic 
substance vainly, because it did not know the truth. It was in a fashioned form while it was 
preparing, in power and in beauty, the equivalent of truth. This then, was not a humiliation for 
him, that illimitable, inconceivable one. For they were as nothing, this terror and this forgetfulness 
and this figure of falsehood, whereas this established truth is unchanging, unperturbed and 
completely beautiful. 

For this reason, do not take error too seriously. Thus, since it had no root, it was in a fog as regards 
the Father, engaged in preparing works and forgetfulnesses and fears in order, by these means, to 
beguile those of the middle and to make them captive. The forgetfulness of error was not revealed. 
It did not become light beside the Father. Forgetfulness did not exist with the Father, although it 
existed because of him. What exists in him is knowledge, which was revealed so that forgetfulness 
might be destroyed and that they might know the Father, Since forgetfulness existed because they 
did not know the Father, if they then come to know the Father, from that moment on forgetfulness 
will cease to exist. 

That is the gospel of him whom they seek, which he has revealed to the perfect through the 
mercies of the Father as the hidden mystery, Jesus the Christ. Through him he enlightened those 
who were in darkness because of forgetfulness. He enlightened them and gave them a path. And 
that path is the truth which he taught them. For this reason error was angry with him, so it 
persecuted him. It was distressed by him, so it made him powerless. He was nailed to a cross. He 
became a fruit of the knowledge of the Father. He did not, however, destroy them because they ate 
of it. He rather caused those who ate of it to be joyful because of this discovery. 

And as for him, them he found in himself, and him they found in themselves, that illimitable, 
inconceivable one, that perfect Father who made the all, in whom the All is, and whom the All 
lacks, since he retained in himself their perfection, which he had not given to the all. The Father 
was not jealous. What jealousy, indeed, is there between him and his members? For, even if the 
Aeon had received their perfection, they would not have been able to approach the perfection of 
the Father, because he retained their perfection in himself, giving it to them as a way to return to 
him and as a knowledge unique in perfection. He is the one who set the All in order and in whom 
the All existed and whom the All lacked. As one of whom some have no knowledge, he desires 
that they know him and that they love him. For what is it that the All lacked, if not the knowledge 
of the Father? 

He became a guide, quiet and in leisure. In the middle of a school he came and spoke the Word, as 
a teacher. Those who were wise in their own estimation came to put him to the test. But he 
discredited them as empty-headed people. They hated him because they really were not wise men. 
After all these came also the little children, those who possess the knowledge of the Father. When 
they became strong they were taught the aspects of the Father's face. They came to know and they 



E4 



were known. They were glorified and they gave glory. In their heart, the living book of the Living 
was manifest, the book which was written in the thought and in the mind of the Father and, from 
before the foundation of the All, is in that incomprehensible part of him. 

This is the book which no one found possible to take, since it was reserved for him who will take it 
and be slain. No one was able to be manifest from those who believed in salvation as long as that 
book had not appeared. For this reason, the compassionate, faithful Jesus was patient in his 
sufferings until he took that book, since he knew that his death meant life for many. Just as in the 
case of a will which has not yet been opened, for the fortune of the deceased master of the house is 
hidden, so also in the case of the All which had been hidden as long as the Father of the All was 
invisible and unique in himself, in whom every space has its source. For this reason Jesus 
appeared. He took that book as his own. He was nailed to a cross. He affixed the edict of the 
Father to the cross. 

Oh, such great teaching! He abases himself even unto death, though he is clothed in eternal life. 
Having divested himself of these perishable rags, he clothed himself in incorruptibility, which no 
one could possibly take from him. Having entered into the empty territory of fears, he passed 
before those who were stripped by forgetfulness, being both knowledge and perfection, 
proclaiming the things that are in the heart of the Father, so that he became the wisdom of those 
who have received instruction. But those who are to be taught, the living who are inscribed in the 
book of the living, learn for themselves, receiving instructions from the Father, turning to him 
again. 

Since the perfection of the All is in the Father, it is necessary for the All to ascend to him. 
Therefore, if one has knowledge, he gets what belongs to him and draws it to himself. For he who 
is ignorant, is deficient, and it is a great deficiency, since he lacks that which will make him 
perfect. Since the perfection of the All is in the Father, it is necessary for the All to ascend to him 
and for each one to get the things which are his. He registered them first, having prepared them to 
be given to those who came from him. 

Those whose name he knew first were called last, so that the one who has knowledge is he whose 
name the Father has pronounced. For he whose name has not been spoken is ignorant. Indeed, 
how shall one hear if his name has not been uttered? For he who remains ignorant until the end is 
a creature of forgetfulness and will perish with it. If this is not so, why have these wretches no 
name, why do they have no sound? Hence, if one has knowledge, he is from above. If he is called, 
he hears, he replies, and he turns toward him who called him and he ascends to him and he 
knows what he is called. Since he has knowledge, he does the will of him who called him. He 
desires to please him and he finds rest. He receives a certain name. He who thus is going to have 
knowledge knows whence he came and whither he is going. He knows it as a person who, having 
become intoxicated, has turned from his drunkenness and having come to himself, has restored 
what is his own. 

He has turned many from error. He went before them to their own places, from which they 
departed when they erred because of the depth of him who surrounds every place, whereas there 
is nothing which surrounds him. It was a great wonder that they were in the Father without 
knowing him and that they were able to leave on their own, since they were not able to contain 
him and know him in whom they were, for indeed his will had not come forth from him. For he 
revealed it as a knowledge with which all its emanations agree, namely, the knowledge of the 
living book which he revealed to the Aeons at last as his letters, displaying to them that these are 
not merely vowels nor consonants, so that one may read them and think of something void of 
meaning; on the contrary, they are letters which convey the truth. They are pronounced only 
when they are known. Each letter is a perfect truth like a perfect book, for they are letters written 
by the hand of the unity, since the Father wrote them for the Aeons, so that they by means of his 
letters might come to know the Father. 

While his wisdom mediates on the logos, and since his teaching expresses it, his knowledge has 
been revealed. His honor is a crown upon it. Since his joy agrees with it, his glory exalted it. It has 
revealed his image. It has obtained his rest. His love took bodily form around it. His trust 



E 5 



embraced it. Thus the logos of the Father goes forth into the All, being the fruit of his heart and 
expression of his will. It supports the All. It chooses and also takes the form of the All, purifying it, 
and causing it to return to the Father and to the Mother, Jesus of the utmost sweetness. The Father 
opens his bosom, but his bosom is the Holy Spirit. He reveals his hidden self which is his son, so 
that through the compassion of the Father the Aeons may know him, end their wearying search 
for the Father and rest themselves in him, knowing that this is rest. After he had filled what was 
incomplete, he did away with form. The form of it is the world, that which it served. For where 
there is envy and strife, there is an incompleteness; but where there is unity, there is completeness. 
Since this incompleteness came about because they did not know the Father, so when they know 
the Father, incompleteness, from that moment on, will cease to exist. As one's ignorance 
disappears when he gains knowledge, and as darkness disappears when light appears, so also 
incompleteness is eliminated by completeness. Certainly, from that moment on, form is no longer 
manifest, but will be dissolved in fusion with unity. For now their works lie scattered. In time 
unity will make the spaces complete. By means of unity each one will understand itself. By means 
of knowledge it will purify itself of diversity with a view towards unity, devouring matter within 
itself like fire and darkness by light, death by life. 

Certainly, if these things have happened to each one of us, it is fitting for us, surely, to think about 
the All so that the house may be holy and silent for unity. Like people who have moved from a 
neighborhood, if they have some dishes around which are not good, they usually break them. 
Nevertheless the householder does not suffer a loss, but rejoices, for in the place of these defective 
dishes there are those which are completely perfect. For this is the judgement which has come 
from above and which has judged every person, a drawn two-edged sword cutting on this side 
and that. When it appeared, I mean, the Logos, who is in the heart of those who pronounce it - it 
was not merely a sound but it has become a body - a great disturbance occurred among the dishes, 
for some were emptied, others filled: some were provided for, others were removed; some were 
purified, still others were broken. All the spaces were shaken and disturbed for they had no 
composure nor stability. Error was disturbed not knowing what it should do. It was troubled; it 
lamented, it was beside itself because it did not know anything. When knowledge, which is its 
abolishment, approached it with all its emanations, error is empty, since there is nothing in it. 
Truth appeared; all its emanations recognized it. They actually greeted the Father with a power 
which is complete and which joins them with the Father. For each one loves truth because truth is 
the mouth of the Father. His tongue is the Holy Spirit, who joins him to truth attaching him to the 
mouth of the Father by his tongue at the time he shall receive the Holy Spirit. 

This is the manifestation of the Father and his revelation to his Aeons. He revealed his hidden self 
and explained it. For who is it who exists if it is not the Father himself? All the spaces are his 
emanations. They knew that they stem from him as children from a perfect man. They knew that 
they had not yet received form nor had they yet received a name, every one of which the Father 
produces. If they at that time receive form of his knowledge, though they are truly in him, they do 
not know him. But the Father is perfect. He knows every space which is within him. If he pleases, 
he reveals anyone whom he desires by giving him a form and by giving him a name; and he does 
give him a name and cause him to come into being. Those who do not yet exist are ignorant of him 
who created them. I do not say, then, that those who do not yet exist are nothing. But they are in 
him who will desire that they exist when he pleases, like the event which is going to happen. On 
the one hand, he knows, before anything is revealed, what he will produce. On the other hand, the 
fruit which has not yet been revealed does not know anything, nor is it anything either. Thus each 
space which, on its part, is in the Father comes from the existent one, who, on his part, has 
established it from the nonexistent. [...] he who does not exist at all, will never exist. 

What, then, is that which he wants him to think? "I am like the shadows and phantoms of the 
night." When morning comes, this one knows that the fear which he had experienced was nothing. 
Thus they were ignorant of the Father; he is the one whom they did not see. Since there had been 
fear and confusion and a lack of confidence and doublemindness and division, there were many 
illusions which were conceived by him, the foregoing, as well as empty ignorance - as if they were 
fast asleep and found themselves a prey to troubled dreams. Either there is a place to which they 



e 6 



flee, or they lack strength as they come, having pursued unspecified things. Either they are 
involved in inflicting blows, or they themselves receive bruises. Either they are falling from high 
places, or they fly off through the air, though they have no wings at all. Other times, it is as if 
certain people were trying to kill them, even though there is no one pursuing them; or, they 
themselves are killing those beside them, for they are stained by their blood. Until the moment 
when they who are passing through all these things - 1 mean they who have experienced all these 
confusions - awake, they see nothing because the dreams were nothing. It is thus that they who 
cast ignorance from them as sheep do not consider it to be anything, nor regard its properties to be 
something real, but they renounce them like a dream in the night and they consider the 
knowledge of the Father to be the dawn. It is thus that each one has acted, as if he were asleep, 
during the time when he was ignorant and thus he comes to understand, as if he were awakening. 
And happy is the man who comes to himself and awakens. Indeed, blessed is he who has opened 
the eyes of the blind. 

And the Spirit came to him in haste when it raised him. Having given its hand to the one lying 
prone on the ground, it placed him firmly on his feet, for he had not yet stood up. He gave them 
the means of knowing the knowledge of the Father and the revelation of his son. For when they 
saw it and listened to it, he permitted them to take a taste of and to smell and to grasp the beloved 
son. 

He appeared, informing them of the Father, the illimitable one. He inspired them with that which 
is in the mind, while doing his will. Many received the light and turned towards him. But material 
men were alien to him and did not discern his appearance nor recognize him. For he came in the 
likeness of flesh and nothing blocked his way because it was incorruptible and unrestrainable. 
Moreover, while saying new things, speaking about what is in the heart of the Father, he 
proclaimed the faultless word. Light spoke through his mouth, and his voice brought forth life. He 
gave them thought and understanding and mercy and salvation and the Spirit of strength derived 
from the limitlessness of the Father and sweetness. He caused punishments and scourgings to 
cease, for it was they which caused many in need of mercy to astray from him in error and in 
chains - and he mightily destroyed them and derided them with knowledge. He became a path for 
those who went astray and knowledge to those who were ignorant, a discovery for those who 
sought, and a support for those who tremble, a purity for those who were defiled. 

He is the shepherd who left behind the ninety-nine sheep which had not strayed and went in 
search of that one which was lost. He rejoiced when he had found it. For ninety-nine is a number 
of the left hand, which holds it. The moment he finds the one, however, the whole number is 
transferred to the right hand. Thus it is with him who lacks the one, that is, the entire right hand 
which attracts that in which it is deficient, seizes it from the left side and transfers it to the right. In 
this way, then, the number becomes one hundred. This number signifies the Father. 

He labored even on the Sabbath for the sheep which he found fallen into the pit. He saved the life 
of that sheep, bringing it up from the pit in order that you may understand fully what that 
Sabbath is, you who possess full understanding. It is a day in which it is not fitting that salvation 
be idle, so that you may speak of that heavenly day which has no night and of the sun which does 
not set because it is perfect. Say then in your heart that you are this perfect day and that in you the 
light which does not fail dwells. 

Speak concerning the truth to those who seek it and of knowledge to those who, in their error, 
have committed sin. Make sure-footed those who stumble and stretch forth your hands to the sick. 
Nourish the hungry and set at ease those who are troubled. Foster men who love. Raise up and 
awaken those who sleep. For you are this understanding which encourages. If the strong follow 
this course, they are even stronger. Turn your attention to yourselves. Do not be concerned with 
other things, namely, that which you have cast forth from yourselves, that which you have 
dismissed. Do not return to them to eat them. Do not be moth-eaten. Do not be worm-eaten, for 
you have already shaken it off. Do not be a place of the devil, for you have already destroyed him. 
Do not strengthen your last obstacles, because that is reprehensible. For the lawless one is nothing. 
He harms himself more than the law. For that one does his works because he is a lawless person. 



E7 



But this one, because he is a righteous person, does his works among others. Do the will of the 
Father, then, for you are from him. 

For the Father is sweet and his will is good. He knows the things that are yours, so that you may 
rest yourselves in them. For by the fruits one knows the things that are yours, that they are the 
children of the Father, and one knows his aroma, that you originate from the grace of his 
countenance. For this reason, the Father loved his aroma; and it manifests itself in every place; and 
when it is mixed with matter, he gives his aroma to the light; and into his rest he causes it to 
ascend in every form and in every sound. For there are no nostrils which smell the aroma, but it is 
the Spirit which possesses the sense of smell and it draws it for itself to itself and sinks into the 
aroma of the Father. He is, indeed, the place for it, and he takes it to the place from which it has 
come, in the first aroma which is cold. It is something in a psychic form, resembling cold water 
which is [...] since it is in soil which is not hard, of which those who see it think, "It is earth." 
Afterwards, it becomes soft again. If a breath is taken, it is usually hot. The cold aromas, then, are 
from the division. For this reason, God came and destroyed the division and he brought the hot 
Pleroma of love, so that the cold may not return, but the unity of the Perfect Thought prevail. 

This is the word of the Gospel of the finding of the Pleroma for those who wait for the salvation 
which comes from above. When their hope, for which they are waiting, is waiting - they whose 
likeness is the light in which there is no shadow, then at that time the Pleroma is about to come. 
The deficiency of matter, however, is not because of the limitlessness of the Father who comes at 
the time of the deficiency. And yet no one is able to say that the incorruptible One will come in 
this manner. But the depth of the Father is increasing, and the thought of error is not with him. It 
is a matter of falling down and a matter of being readily set upright at the finding of that one who 
has come to him who will turn back. 

For this turning back is called "repentance". For this reason, incorruption has breathed. It followed 
him who has sinned in order that he may find rest. For forgiveness is that which remains for the 
light in the deficiency, the word of the pleroma. For the physician hurries to the place in which 
there is sickness, because that is the desire which he has. The sick man is in a deficient condition, 
but he does not hide himself because the physician possesses that which he lacks. In this manner 
the deficiency is filled by the Pleroma, which has no deficiency, which has given itself out in order 
to fill the one who is deficient, so that grace may take him, then, from the area which is deficient 
and has no grace. Because of this a diminishing occurred in the place which there is no grace, the 
area where the one who is small, who is deficient, is taken hold of. 

He revealed himself as a Pleroma, i.e., the finding of the light of truth which has shined towards 
him, because he is unchangeable. For this reason, they who have been troubled speak about Christ 
in their midst so that they may receive a return and he may anoint them with the ointment. The 
ointment is the pity of the Father, who will have mercy on them. But those whom he has anointed 
are those who are perfect. For the filled vessels are those which are customarily used for anointing. 
But when an anointing is finished, the vessel is usually empty, and the cause of its deficiency is 
the consumption of its ointment. For then a breath is drawn only through the power which he has. 
But the one who is without deficiency - one does not trust anyone beside him nor does one pour 
anything out. But that which is the deficient is filled again by the perfect Father. He is good. He 
knows his plantings because he is the one who has planted them in his Paradise. And his Paradise 
is his place of rest. 

This is the perfection in the thought of the Father and these are the words of his reflection. Each 
one of his words is the work of his will alone, in the revelation of his Logos. Since they were in the 
depth of his mind, the Logos, who was the first to come forth, caused them to appear, along with 
an intellect which speaks the unique word by means of a silent grace. It was called "thought," since 
they were in it before becoming manifest. It happened, then, that it was the first to come forth - at 
the moment pleasing to the will of him who desired it; and it is in the will that the Father is at rest 
and with which he is pleased. Nothing happens without him, nor does anything occur without the 
will of the Father. But his will is incomprehensible. His will is his mark, but no one can know it, 
nor is it possible for them to concentrate on it in order to possess it. But that which he wishes takes 
place at the moment he wishes it - even if the view does not please anyone: it is God's will. For the 



£8 



Father knows the beginning of them all as well as their end. For when their end arrives, he will 
question them to their faces. The end, you see, is the recognition of him who is hidden, that is, the 
Father, from whom the beginning came forth and to whom will return all who have come from 
him. For they were made manifest for the glory and the joy of his name. 

And the name of the Father is the Son. It is he who, in the beginning, gave a name to him who 
came forth from him - he is the same one - and he begat him for a son. He gave him his name 
which belonged to him - he, the Father, who possesses everything which exists around him. He 
possess the name; he has the son. It is possible for them to see him. The name, however, is 
invisible, for it alone is the mystery of the invisible about to come to ears completely filled with it 
through the Father's agency. Moreover, as for the Father, his name is not pronounced, but it is 
revealed through a son. Thus, then, the name is great. 

Who, then, has been able to pronounce a name for him, this great name, except him alone to 
whom the name belongs and the sons of the name in whom the name of the Father is at rest, and 
who themselves in turn are at rest in his name, since the Father has no beginning? It is he alone 
who engendered it for himself as a name in the beginning before he had created the Aeons, that 
the name of the Father should be over their heads as a lord - that is, the real name, which is secure 
by his authority and by his perfect power. For the name is not drawn from lexicons nor is his 
name derived from common name-giving, But it is invisible. He gave a name to himself alone, 
because he alone saw it and because he alone was capable of giving himself a name. For he who 
does not exist has no name. For what name would one give him who did not exist? Nevertheless, 
he who exists also with his name and he alone knows it, and to him alone the Father gave a name. 
The Son is his name. He did not, therefore, keep it secretly hidden, but the son came into existence. 
He himself gave a name to him. The name, then, is that of the Father, just as the name of the 
Father is the Son. For otherwise, where would compassion find a name - outside of the Father? But 
someone will probably say to his companion, "Who would give a name to someone who existed 
before himself, as if, indeed, children did not receive their name from one of those who gave them 
birth?" 

Above all, then, it is fitting for us to think this point over: What is the name? It is the real name. It 
is, indeed, the name which came from the Father, for it is he who owns the name. He did not, you 
see, get the name on loan, as in the case of others because of the form in which each one of them is 
going to be created. This, then, is the authoritative name. There is no one else to whom he has 
given it. But it remained unnamed, unuttered, 'till the moment when he, who is perfect, 
pronounced it himself; and it was he alone who was able to pronounce his name and to see it. 
When it pleased him, then, that his son should be his pronounced name and when he gave this 
name to him, he who has come from the depth spoke of his secrets, because he knew that the 
Father was absolute goodness. For this reason, indeed, he sent this particular one in order that he 
might speak concerning the place and his place of rest from which he had come forth, and that he 
might glorify the Pleroma, the greatness of his name and the sweetness of his Father. 

Each one will speak concerning the place from which he has come forth, and to the region from 
which he received his essential being, he will hasten to return once again. And he want from that 
place - the place where he was - because he tasted of that place, as he was nourished and grew. 
And his own place of rest is his Pleroma. All the emanations from the Father, therefore, are 
Pleromas, and all his emanations have their roots in the one who caused them all to grow from 
himself. He appointed a limit. They, then, became manifest individually in order that they might 
be in their own thought, for that place to which they extend their thoughts is their root, which lifts 
them upward through all heights to the Father. They reach his head, which is rest for them, and 
they remain there near to it so that they say that they have participated in his face by means of 
embraces. But these of this kind were not manifest, because they have not risen above themselves. 
Neither have they been deprived of the glory of the Father nor have they thought of him as small, 
nor bitter, nor angry, but as absolutely good, unperturbed, sweet, knowing all the spaces before 
they came into existence and having no need of instruction. Such are they who possess from above 
something of this immeasurable greatness, as they strain towards that unique and perfect one who 
exists there for them. And they do not go down to Hades. They have neither envy nor moaning, 



e 9 



nor is death in them. But they rest in him who rests, without wearying themselves or becoming 
involved in the search for truth. But, they, indeed, are the truth, and the Father is in them, and 
they are in the Father, since they are perfect, inseparable from him who is truly good. They lack 
nothing in any way, but they are given rest and are refreshed by the Spirit. And they listen to their 
root; they have leisure for themselves, they in whom he will find his root, and he will suffer no 
loss to his soul. 

Such is the place of the blessed; this is their place. As for the rest, then, may they know, in their 
place, that it does not suit me, after having been in the place of rest to say anything more. But he is 
the one in whom I shall be in order to devote myself, at all times, to the Father of the All and the 
true brothers, those upon whom the love of the Father is lavished, and in whose midst nothing of 
him is lacking. It is they who manifest themselves truly since they are in that true and eternal life 
and speak of the perfect light filled with the seed of the Father, and which is in his heart and in the 
Pleroma, while his Spirit rejoices in it and glorifies him in whom it was, because the Father is 
good. And his children are perfect and worthy of his name, because he is the Father. Children of 
this kind are those whom he loves. 



3D 



The Gospel of Truth 



CODEX I 

Translated by Harold W. Attridge and George W. MacRae 

Selection made from James M. Robinson, ed., The Nag Hammadi Library, revised edition. HarperCollins, San Francisco, 1990. 

The gospel of truth is joy for those who have received from the Father of truth the grace of 
knowing him, through the power of the Word that came forth from the pleroma, the one who is in 
the thought and the mind of the Father, that is, the one who is addressed as 'the Savior 1 , (that) 
being the name of the work he is to perform for the redemption of those who were ignorant of the 
Father, while in the name of the gospel is the proclamation of hope, being discovery for those who 
search for him. 

When the totality went about searching for the one from whom they had come forth - and the 
totality was inside of him, the incomprehensible, inconceivable one who is superior to every 
thought - ignorance of the Father brought about anguish and terror; and the anguish grew solid 
like a fog, so that no one was able to see. For this reason, error became powerful; it worked on its 
own matter foolishly, not having known the truth. It set about with a creation, preparing with 
power and beauty the substitute for the truth. 

This was not, then, a humiliation for him, the incomprehensible, inconceivable one, for they were 
nothing, the anguish and the oblivion and the creature of deceit, while the established truth is 
immutable, imperturbable, perfect in beauty. For this reason, despise error. 

Thus, it had no root; it fell into a fog regarding the Father, while it was involved in preparing 
works and oblivions and terrors, in order that by means of these it might entice those of the 
middle and capture them. 

The oblivion of error was not revealed. It is not a [...] from the Father. Oblivion did not come into 
existence from the Father, although it did indeed come into existence because of him. But what 
comes into existence in him is knowledge, which appeared in order that oblivion might vanish 
and the Father might be known. Since oblivion came into existence because the Father was not 
known, then if the Father comes to be known, oblivion will not exist from that moment on. 

Through this, the gospel of the one who is searched for, which <was> revealed to those who are 
perfect, through the mercies of the Father, the hidden mystery, Jesus, the Christ, enlightened those 
who were in darkness through oblivion. He enlightened them; he showed (them) a way; and the 
way is the truth which he taught them. 

For this reason, error grew angry at him, persecuted him, was distressed at him, (and) was 
brought to naught. He was nailed to a tree (and) he became fruit of the knowledge of the Father. It 
did not, however, cause destruction because it was eaten, but to those who ate it, it gave (cause) to 
become glad in the discovery, and he discovered them in himself, and they discovered him in 
themselves. 

As for the incomprehensible, inconceivable one, the Father, the perfect one, the one who made the 
totality, within him is the totality, and of him the totality has need. Although he retained their 
perfection within himself, which he did not give to the totality, the Father was not jealous. What 
jealousy indeed (could there be) between himself and his members? For if this aeon had thus 
received their perfection, they could not have come [...] the Father. He retains within himself their 
perfection, granting it to them as a return to him, and a perfectly unitary knowledge. It is he who 
fashioned the totality, and within him is the totality, and the totality was in need of him. 

As in the case of a person of whom some are ignorant, he wishes to have them know him and love 
him, so - for what did the totality have need of if not knowledge regarding the Father? - he became 
a guide, restful and leisurely. In schools he appeared, (and) he spoke the word as a teacher. There 
came the men wise in their own estimation, putting him to the test. But he confounded them, 
because they were foolish. They hated him, because they were not really wise. 



31 



After all these, there came the little children also, those to whom the knowledge of the Father 
belongs. Having been strengthened, they learned about the impressions of the Father. They knew, 
they were known; they were glorified, they glorified. There was manifested in their heart the 
living book of the living - the one written in the thought and the mind of the Father, which from 
before the foundation of the totality was within his incomprehensibility - that (book) which no one 
was able to take, since it remains for the one who will take it to be slain. No one could have 
become manifest from among those who have believed in salvation unless that book had 
appeared. For this reason, the merciful one, the faithful one, Jesus, was patient in accepting 
sufferings until he took that book, since he knows that his death is life for many. 

Just as there lies hidden in a will, before it is opened, the fortune of the deceased master of the 
house, so (it is) with the totality, which lay hidden while the Father of the totality was invisible, 
being something which is from him, from whom every space comes forth. For this reason Jesus 
appeared; he put on that book; he was nailed to a tree; he published the edict of the Father on the 
cross. O such great teaching! He draws himself down to death, though life eternal clothes him. 
Having stripped himself of the perishable rags, he put on imperishability, which no one can 
possibly take away from him. Having entered the empty spaces of terrors, he passed through 
those who were stripped naked by oblivion, being knowledge and perfection, proclaiming the 
things that are in the heart, [...] teach those who will receive teaching. 

But those who are to receive teaching are the living, who are inscribed in the book of the living. It 
is about themselves that they receive instruction, receiving it from the Father, turning again to 
him. Since the perfection of the totality is in the Father, it is necessary for the totality to ascend to 
him. Then, if one has knowledge, he receives what are his own, and draws them to himself. For he 
who is ignorant is in need, and what he lacks is great, since he lacks that which will make him 
perfect. Since the perfection of the totality is in the Father, and it is necessary for the totality to 
ascend to him, and for each one to receive what are his own, he enrolled them in advance, having 
prepared them to give to those who came forth from him. 

Those whose name he knew in advance were called at the end, so that one who has knowledge is 
the one whose name the Father has uttered. For he whose name has not been spoken is ignorant. 
Indeed, how is one to hear, if his name has not been called? For he who is ignorant until the end is 
a creature of oblivion, and he will vanish along with it. If not, how is it that these miserable ones 
have no name, (that) they do not have the call? Therefore, if one has knowledge, his is from above. 
If he is called, he hears, he answers, and he turns to him who is calling him, and ascends to him. 
And he knows in what manner he is called. Having knowledge, he does the will of the one who 
called him, he wishes to be pleasing to him, he receives rest. Each one's name comes to him. He 
who is to have knowledge in this manner knows where he comes from and where he is going. He 
knows as one who, having become drunk, has turned away from his drunkenness, (and) having 
returned to himself, has set right what are his own. 

He has brought many back from error. He has gone before them to their places, from which they 
had moved away, since it was on account of the depth that they received error, the depth of the 
one who encircles all spaces, while there is none that encircles him. It was a great wonder that 
they were in the Father, not knowing him, and (that) they were able to come forth by themselves, 
since they were unable to comprehend or to know the one in whom they were. For if his will had 
not thus emerged from him - for he revealed it in view of a knowledge in which all its emanations 
concur. 

This is the knowledge of the living book, which he revealed to the aeons at the end as his letters, 
revealing how they are not vowels nor are they consonants, so that one might read them and think 
of something foolish, but (rather that) they are letters of the truth, which they alone speak who 
know them. Each letter is a complete <thought>, like a complete book, since they are letters 
written by the Unity, the Father having written them for the aeons, in order that by means of his 
letters they should know the Father. 

While his wisdom contemplates the Word, and his teaching utters it, his knowledge has revealed 
<it>. While forebear ance is a crown upon it, and his gladness is in harmony with it, his glory has 



32 



exalted it, his image has revealed it, his repose has received it into itself, his love has made a body 
over it, his fidelity has embraced it. In this way, the Word of the Father goes forth in the totality, as 
the fruit of his heart and an impression of his will. But it supports the totality, purifying them, 
bringing them back into the Father, into the Mother, Jesus of the infinite sweetness. 

The Father reveals his bosom. - Now his bosom is the Holy Spirit. - He reveals what is hidden of 
him - what is hidden of him is his Son - so that through the mercies of the Father, the aeons may 
know him and cease laboring in search of the Father, resting there in him, knowing that this is the 
(final) rest. Having filled the deficiency, he abolished the form - the form of it is the world, that in 
which he served. - For the place where there is envy and strife is deficient, but the place where 
(there is) Unity is perfect. Since the deficiency came into being because the Father was not known, 
therefore, when the Father is known, from that moment on, the deficiency will no longer exist. As 
in the case of the ignorance of a person, when he comes to have knowledge, his ignorance 
vanishes of itself, as the darkness vanishes when the light appears, so also the deficiency vanishes 
in the perfection. So from that moment on, the form is not apparent, but it will vanish in the fusion 
of Unity, for now their works lie scattered. In time, Unity will perfect the spaces. It is within Unity 
that each one will attain himself; within knowledge, he will purify himself from multiplicity into 
Unity, consuming matter within himself like fire, and darkness by light, death by life. 

If indeed these things have happened to each one of us, then we must see to it above all that the 
house will be holy and silent for the Unity - as in the case of some people who moved out of 
dwellings having jars that in spots were not good. They would break them, and the master of the 
house would not suffer loss. Rather, <he> is glad, because in place of the bad jars (there are) full 
ones which are made perfect. For such is the judgment which has come from above. It has passed 
judgment on everyone; it is a drawn sword, with two edges, cutting on either side. When the 
Word appeared, the one that is within the heart of those who utter it - it is not a sound alone, but it 
became a body - a great disturbance took place among the jars, because some had been emptied, 
others filled; that is, some had been supplied, others poured out, some had been purified, still 
others broken up. All the spaces were shaken and disturbed, because they had no order nor 
stability. Error was upset, not knowing what to do; it was grieved, in mourning, afflicting itself 
because it knew nothing. When knowledge drew near it - this is the downfall of (error) and all its 
emanations - error is empty, having nothing inside. 

Truth appeared; all its emanations knew it. They greeted the Father in truth with a perfect power 
that joins them with the Father. For, as for everyone who loves the truth - because the truth is the 
mouth of the Father; his tongue is the Holy Spirit - he who is joined to the truth is joined to the 
Father's mouth by his tongue, whenever he is to receive the Holy Spirit, since this is the 
manifestation of the Father, and his revelation to his aeons. 

He manifested what was hidden of him; he explained it. For who contains, if not the Father alone? 
All the spaces are his emanations. They have known that they came forth from him, like children 
who are from a grown man. They knew that they had not yet received form, nor yet received a 
name, each one of which the Father begets. Then, when they receive form by his knowledge, 
though truly within him, they do not know him. But the Father is perfect, knowing every space 
within him. If he wishes, he manifests whomever he wishes, by giving him form and giving him a 
name, and he gives a name to him, and brings it about that those come into existence who, before 
they come into existence, are ignorant of him who fashioned them. 

I do not say, then, that they are nothing (at all) who have not yet come into existence, but they are 
in him who will wish that they come into existence when he wishes, like the time that is to come. 
Before all things appear, he knows what he will produce. But the fruit which is not yet manifest 
does not know anything, nor does it do anything. Thus also, every space which is itself in the 
Father is from the one who exists, who established it from what does not exist. For he who has no 
root has no fruit either, but though he thinks to himself, "I have come into being," yet he will 
perish by himself. For this reason, he who did not exist at all will never come into existence. What, 
then, did he wish him to think of himself? This: "I have come into being like the shadows and 
phantoms of the night." When the light shines on the terror which that person had experienced, he 
knows that it is nothing. 



33 



Thus, they were ignorant of the Father, he being the one whom they did not see. Since it was terror 
and disturbance and instability and doubt and division, there were many illusions at work by 
means of these, and (many) empty fictions, as if they were sunk in sleep, and found themselves in 
disturbing dreams. Either (there is) a place to which they are fleeing, or without strength they 
come (from) having chased after others, or they are involved in striking blows, or they are 
receiving blows themselves, or they have fallen from high places, or they take off into the air, 
though they do not even have wings. Again, sometimes (it is as) if people were murdering them, 
though there is no one even pursuing them, or they themselves are killing their neighbors, for they 
have been stained with their blood. When those who are going through all these things wake up, 
they see nothing, they who were in the midst of all these disturbances, for they are nothing. Such 
is the way of those who have cast ignorance aside from them like sleep, not esteeming it as 
anything, nor do they esteem its works as solid things either, but (rather,) they leave them behind 
like a dream in the night. The knowledge of the Father, they value as the dawn. This is the way 
each one has acted, as though asleep at the time when he was ignorant. And this is the way he has 
<come to knowledge>, as if he had awakened, {and} Good for the man who will return and 
awaken. And blessed is he who has opened the eyes of the blind. 

And the Spirit ran after him, hastening from waking him up. Having extended his hand to him 
who lay upon the ground, he set him up on his feet, for he had not yet risen. He gave them the 
means of knowing the knowledge of the Father and the revelation of his Son. For when they had 
seen him and had heard him, he granted them to taste him, and to smell him, and to touch the 
beloved Son. 

When he had appeared, instructing them about the Father, the incomprehensible one, when he 
had breathed into them what is in the thought, doing his will, when many had received the light, 
they turned to him. For the material ones were strangers, and did not see his likeness, and had not 
known him. For he came by means of fleshly form, while nothing blocked his course, because 
incorruptibility is irresistible, since he, again, spoke new things, still speaking about what is in the 
heart of the Father, having brought forth the flawless Word. 

When light had spoken through his mouth, as well as his voice, which gave birth to life, he gave 
them thought and understanding, and mercy and salvation, and the powerful spirit from the 
infiniteness and the sweetness of the Father. Having made punishments and tortures cease - for it 
was they which were leading astray from his face some who were in need of mercy, in error and 
in bonds - he both destroyed them with power and confounded them with knowledge. He became 
a way for those who were gone astray, and knowledge for those who were ignorant, a discovery 
for those who were searching, and a support for those who were wavering, immaculateness for 
those who were defiled. 

He is the shepherd who left behind the ninety-nine sheep which were not lost. He went searching 
for the one which had gone astray. He rejoiced when he found it, for ninety-nine is a number that 
is in the left hand, which holds it. But when the one is found, the entire number passes to the right 
(hand). As that which lacks the one - that is, the entire right (hand) - draws what was deficient and 
takes it from the left-hand side and brings (it) to the right, so too the number becomes one 
hundred. It is the sign of the one who is in their sound; it is the Father. Even on the Sabbath, he 
labored for the sheep which he found fallen into the pit. He gave life to the sheep, having brought 
it up from the pit, in order that you might know interiorly - you, the sons of interior knowledge - 
what is the Sabbath, on which it is not fitting for salvation to be idle, in order that you may speak 
from the day from above, which has no night, and from the light which does not sink, because it is 
perfect. 

Say, then, from the heart, that you are the perfect day, and in you dwells the light that does not 
fail. Speak of the truth with those who search for it, and (of) knowledge to those who have 
committed sin in their error. Make firm the foot of those who have stumbled, and stretch out your 
hands to those who are ill. Feed those who are hungry, and give repose to those who are weary, 
and raise up those who wish to rise, and awaken those who sleep. For you are the understanding 
that is drawn forth. If strength acts thus, it becomes even stronger. Be concerned with yourselves; 
do not be concerned with other things which you have rejected from yourselves. Do not return to 



34 



what you have vomited, to eat it. Do not be moths. Do not be worms, for you have already cast it 
off. Do not become a (dwelling) place for the devil, for you have already destroyed him. Do not 
strengthen (those who are) obstacles to you, who are collapsing, as though (you were) a support 
(for them). For the lawless one is someone to treat ill, rather than the just one. For the former does 
his work as a lawless person; the latter as a righteous person does his work among others. So you, 
do the will of the Father, for you are from him. 

For the Father is sweet, and in his will is what is good. He has taken cognizance of the things that 
are yours, that you might find rest in them. For by the fruits does one take cognizance of the 
things that are yours, because the children of the Father are his fragrance, for they are from the 
grace of his countenance. For this reason, the Father loves his fragrance, and manifests it in every 
place. And if it mixes with matter, he gives his fragrance to the light, and in his repose, he causes it 
to surpass every form (and) every sound. For it is not the ears that smell the fragrance, but (it is) 
the breath that has the sense of smell and attracts the fragrance to itself, and is submerged in the 
fragrance of the Father, so that he thus shelters it, and takes it to the place where it came from, 
from the first fragrance, which is grown cold. It is something in a psychic form, being like cold 
water which has frozen (?), which is on earth that is not solid, of which those who see it think it is 
earth; afterwards, it dissolves again. If a breath draws it, it gets hot. The fragrances, therefore, that 
are cold are from the division. For this reason, faith came; it dissolved the division, and it brought 
the warm pleroma of love, in order that the cold should not come again, but (that) there should be 
the unity of perfect thought. 

This <is> the word of the gospel of the discovery of the pleroma, for those who await the salvation 
which is coming from on high. While their hope, for which they are waiting, is in waiting - they 
whose image is light with no shadow in it - then, at that time, the pleroma is proceeding to come. 
The <deficiency> of matter came to be not through the limitlessness of the Father, who is coming 
to give time for the deficiency, although no one could say that the incorruptible one would come 
in this way. But the depth of the Father was multiplied, and the thought of error did not exist with 
him. It is a thing that falls, (and) it is a thing that easily stands upright (again), in the discovery of 
him who has come to him whom he shall bring back. For the bringing-back is called 'repentence'. 

For this reason, incorruptibility breathed forth; it pursued the one who had sinned, in order that 
he might rest. For forgiveness is what remains for the light in the deficiency, the word of the 
pleroma. For the physician runs to the place where sickness is, because that is the will that is in 
him. He who has a deficiency, then, does not hide it, because one has what the other lacks. So the 
pleroma, which has no deficiency, but (which) fills up the deficiency, is what he provided from 
himself for filling up what he lacks, in order that therefore he might receive the grace. For when he 
was deficient, he did not have the grace. That is why there was diminution existing in the place 
where there is no grace. When that which was diminished was received, he revealed what he 
lacked, being (now) a pleroma; that is the discovery of the light of truth which rose upon him 
because it is immutable. 

That is why Christ was spoken of in their midst, so that those who were disturbed might receive a 
bringing-back, and he might anoint them with the ointment. This ointment is the mercy of the 
Father, who will have mercy on them. But those whom he has anointed are the ones who have 
become perfect. For full jars are the ones that are usually anointed. But when the anointing of one 
(jar) is dissolved, it is emptied, and the reason for there being a deficiency is the thing by which its 
ointment goes. For at that time a breath draws it, a thing in the power of that which is with it. But 
from him who has no deficiency, no seal is removed, nor is anything emptied, but what he lacks, 
the perfect Father fills again. He is good. He knows his plantings, because it is he who planted 
them in his paradise. Now his paradise is his place of rest. 

This is the perfection in the thought of the Father, and these are the words of his meditation. Each 
one of his words is the work of his one will in the revelation of his Word. While they were still 
depths of his thought, the Word, which was first to come forth, revealed them, along with a mind 
that speaks the one Word in silent grace. He was called 'thought', since they were in it before 
being revealed. It came about, then, that he was first to come forth, at the time when the will of 
him who willed desired it. And the will is what the Father rests in, and is pleased with. Nothing 



35 



happens without him, nor does anything happen without the will of the Father, but his will is 
unsearchable. His trace is the will, and no one will know him, nor is it possible for one to 
scrutinize him, in order to grasp him. But when he wills, what he wills is this - even if the sight 
does not please them in any way before God - desiring the Father. For he knows the beginning of 
all of them, and their end. For at their end, he will question them directly. Now, the end is 
receiving knowledge about the one who is hidden, and this is the Father, from whom the 
beginning came forth, (and) to whom all will return who have come forth from him. And they 
have appeared for the glory and the joy of his name. 

Now the name of the Father is the Son. It is he who first gave a name to the one who came forth 
from him, who was himself, and he begot him as a son. He gave him his name, which belonged to 
him; he is the one to whom belongs all that exists around him, the Father. His is the name; his is 
the Son. It is possible for him to be seen. The name, however, is invisible, because it alone is the 
mystery of the invisible, which comes to ears that are completely filled with it by him. For indeed, 
the Father's name is not spoken, but (rather,) it is apparent through a Son. 

In this way, then, the name is a great thing. Who, therefore, will be able to utter a name for him, 
the great name, except him alone to whom the name belongs, and the sons of the name, in whom 
rested the name of the Father, (who) in turn themselves rested in his name? Since the Father is 
unengendered, he alone is the one who begot him for him(self) as a name, before he brought forth 
the aeons, in order that the name of the Father should be over their head as lord, that is the name 
in truth, which is firm in his command, through perfect power. For the name is not from (mere) 
words, nor does his name consist of appellations, but (rather,) it is invisible. He gave a name to 
him alone, since he alone sees him, he alone having the power to give him a name. For he who 
does not exist has no name. For what name is given to him who does not exist? But the one who 
exists, exists also with his name, and he alone knows it, and (he) alone (knows how) to give him a 
name. It is the Father. The Son is his name. He did not, therefore, hide it in the thing, but it existed; 
as for the Son, he alone gave a name. The name, therefore, is that of the Father, as the name of the 
Father is the Son. Where indeed would compassion find a name, except with the Father? 

But no doubt one will say to his neighbor: "Who is it who will give a name to him who existed 
before himself, as if offspring did not receive a name from those who begot <them>?" First, then, it 
is fitting for us to reflect on this matter: What is the name? It is the name in truth; it is not therefore 
the name from the Father, for it is the one which is the proper name. Therefore, he did not receive 
the name on loan, as (do) others, according to the form in which each one is to be produced. But 
this is the proper name. There is no one else who gave it to him. But he <is> unnamable, 
indescribable, until the time when he who is perfect spoke of him alone. And it is he who has the 
power to speak his name, and to see it. 

When, therefore, it pleased him that his name, which is loved, should be his Son, and he gave the 
name to him, that is, him who came forth from the depth, he spoke about his secret things, 
knowing that the Father is a being without evil. For that very reason, he brought him forth in 
order to speak about the place, and (about) his resting-place, from which he had come forth, and 
to glorify the pleroma, the greatness of his name, and the sweetness of the Father. About the place 
each one came from, he will speak, and to the region where he received his establishment, he will 
hasten to return again and to take from that place - the place where he stood - receiving a taste 
from that place, and receiving nourishment, receiving growth. And his own resting-place is his 
pleroma. 

Therefore, all the emanations of the Father are pleromas, and the root of all his emanations is in 
the one who made them all grow up in himself. He assigned them their destinies. Each one, then, 
is manifest, in order that through their own thought <...>. For the place to which they send their 
thought, that place, their root, is what takes them up in all the heights, to the Father. They possess 
his head, which is rest for them, and they are supported, approaching him, as though to say that 
they have participated in his face by means of kisses. But they do not become manifest in this way, 
for they are not themselves exalted; (yet) neither did they lack the glory of the Father, nor did they 
think of him as small, nor that he is harsh, nor that he is wrathful, but (rather that) he is a being 



36 



without evil, imperturbable, sweet, knowing all spaces before they have come into existence, and 
he had no need to be instructed. 

This is the manner of those who possess (something) from above of the immensurable greatness, 
as they wait for the one alone, and the perfect one, the one who is there for them. And they do not 
go down to Hades, nor have they envy nor groaning nor death within them, but (rather) they rest 
in him who is at rest, not striving nor being twisted around the truth. But they themselves are the 
truth; and the Father is within them, and they are in the Father, being perfect, being undivided in 
the truly good one, being in no way deficient in anything, but they are set at rest, refreshed in the 
Spirit. And they will heed their root. They will be concerned with those (things) in which he will 
find his root, and not suffer loss to his soul. This is the place of the blessed; this is their place. 

For the rest, then, may they know, in their places, that it is not fitting for me, having come to be in 
the resting-place, to speak of anything else. But it is in it that I shall come to be, and (it is fitting) to 
be concerned at all times with the Father of the all, and the true brothers, those upon whom the 
love of the Father is poured out, and in whose midst there is no lack of him. They are the ones 
who appear in truth, since they exist in true and eternal life, and (since they) speak of the light 
which is perfect, and (which is) filled with the seed of the Father, and which is in his heart and in 
the pleroma, while his Spirit rejoices in it and glorifies the one in whom it existed, because he is 
good. And his children are perfect and worthy of his name, for he is the Father; it is children of 
this kind that he loves. 



37 



The Treatise on the Resurrection 



CODEX I 
Translated by Malcolm L. Peel 

Selection made from James M. Robinson, ed., The Nag Hammadi Library, revised edition. HarperCollins, San Francisco, 1990. 

Some there are, my son Rheginos, who want to learn many things. They have this goal when they 
are occupied with questions whose answer is lacking. If they succeed with these, they usually 
think very highly of themselves. But I do not think that they have stood within the Word of Truth. 
They seek rather their own rest, which we have received through our Savior, our Lord Christ. We 
received it when we came to know the truth and rested ourselves upon it. But since you ask us 
pleasantly what is proper concerning the resurrection, I am writing you that it is necessary. To be 
sure, many are lacking faith in it, but there are a few who find it. So then, let us discuss the matter. 

How did the Lord proclaim things while he existed in flesh and after he had revealed himself as 
Son of God? He lived in this place where you remain, speaking about the Law of Nature - but I 
call it 'Death'. Now the Son of God, Rheginos, was Son of Man. He embraced them both, 
possessing the humanity and the divinity, so that on the one hand he might vanquish death 
through his being Son of God, and that on the other through the Son of Man the restoration to the 
Pleroma might occur; because he was originally from above, a seed of Truth, before this structure 
had come into being. In this many dominions and divinities came into existence. 

I know that I am presenting the solution in difficult terms, but there is nothing difficult in the 
Word of Truth. But since the Solution appeared so as not to leave anything hidden, but to reveal 
all things openly concerning existence - the destruction of evil on the one hand, the revelation of 
the elect on the other. This is the emanation of Truth and Spirit, Grace is of the Truth. 

The Savior swallowed up death - (of this) you are not reckoned as being ignorant - for he put aside 
the world which is perishing. He transformed himself into an imperishable Aeon and raised 
himself up, having swallowed the visible by the invisible, and he gave us the way of our 
immortality. Then, indeed, as the Apostle said, "We suffered with him, and we arose with him, 
and we went to heaven with him". Now if we are manifest in this world wearing him, we are that 
one's beams, and we are embraced by him until our setting, that is to say, our death in this life. We 
are drawn to heaven by him, like beams by the sun, not being restrained by anything. This is the 
spiritual resurrection which swallows up the psychic in the same way as the fleshly. 

But if there is one who does not believe, he does not have the (capacity to be) persuaded. For it is 
the domain of faith, my son, and not that which belongs to persuasion: the dead shall arise! There 
is one who believes among the philsophers who are in this world. At least he will arise. And let 
not the philosopher who is in this world have cause to believe that he is one who returns himself 
by himself - and (that) because of our faith! For we have known the Son of Man, and we have 
believed that he rose from among the dead. This is he of whom we say, "He became the 
destruction of death, as he is a great one in whom they believe." Great are those who believe. 

The thought of those who are saved shall not perish. The mind of those who have known him 
shall not perish. Therefore, we are elected to salvation and redemption since we are predestined 
from the beginning not to fall into the foolishness of those who are without knowledge, but we 
shall enter into the wisdom of those who have known the Truth. Indeed, the Truth which is kept 
cannot be abandoned, nor has it been. "Strong is the system of the Pleroma; small is that which 
broke loose (and) became (the) world. But the All is what is encompassed. It has not come into 
being; it was existing." So, never doubt concerning the resurrection, my son Rheginos! For if you 
were not existing in flesh, you received flesh when you entered this world. Why will you not 
receive flesh when you ascend into the Aeon? That which is better than the flesh is that which is 
for (the) cause of life. That which came into being on your account, is it not yours? Does not that 
which is yours exist with you? Yet, while you are in this world, what is it that you lack? This is 
what you have been making every effort to learn. 



38 



The afterbirth of the body is old age, and you exist in corruption. You have absence as a gain. For 
you will not give up what is better if you depart. That which is worse has diminution, but there is 
grace for it. 

Nothing, then, redeems us from this world. But the All which we are, we are saved. We have 
received salvation from end to end. Let us think in this way! Let us comprehend in this way! 

But there are some (who) wish to understand, in the enquiry about those things they are looking 
into, whether he who is saved, if he leaves his body behind, will be saved immediately. Let no one 
doubt concerning this. [...]. indeed, the visible members which are dead shall not be saved, for 
(only) the living members which exist within them would arise. 

What, then, is the resurrection? It is always the disclosure of those who have risen. For if you 
remember reading in the Gospel that Elijah appeared and Moses with him, do not think the 
resurrection is an illusion. It is no illusion, but it is truth! Indeed, it is more fitting to say the world 
is an illusion, rather than the resurrection which has come into being through our Lord the Savior, 
Jesus Christ. 

But what am I telling you now? Those who are living shall die. How do they live in an illusion? 
The rich have become poor, and the kings have been overthrown. Everything is prone to change. 
The world is an illusion! - lest, indeed, I rail at things to excess! 

But the resurrection does not have this aforesaid character, for it is the truth which stands firm. It 
is the revelation of what is, and the transformation of things, and a transition into newness. For 
imperishability descends upon the perishable; the light flows down upon the darkness, 
swallowing it up; and the Pleroma fills up the deficiency. These are the symbols and the images of 
the resurrection. He it is who makes the good. 

Therefore, do not think in part, O Rheginos, nor live in conformity with this flesh for the sake of 
unanimity, but flee from the divisions and the fetters, and already you have the resurrection. For if 
he who will die knows about himself that he will die - even if he spends many years in this life, he 
is brought to this - why not consider yourself as risen and (already) brought to this? If you have 
the resurrection but continue as if you are to die - and yet that one knows that he has died - why, 
then, do I ignore your lack of exercise? It is fitting for each one to practice in a number of ways, 
and he shall be released from this Element that he may not fall into error but shall himself receive 
again what at first was. 

These things I have received from the generosity of my Lord, Jesus Christ. I have taught you and 
your brethren, my sons, considering them, while I have not omitted any of the things suitable for 
strengthening you. But if there is one thing written which is obscure in my exposition of the Word, 
I shall interpret it for you (pi.) when you (pi.) ask. But now, do not be jealous of anyone who is in 
your number when he is able to help. 

Many are looking into this which I have written to you. To these I say: Peace (be) among them and 
grace. I greet you and those who love you (pi.) in brotherly Love. 

The Treatise on the Resurrection 



39 



The Tripartite Tractate 



CODEX I 

Translated by Harold W. Attridge and Dieter Mueller 

Selection made from James M. Robinson, ed., The Nag Hammadi Library, revised edition. HarperCollins, San Francisco, 1990. 

Parti 

1. Introduction 

As for what we can say about the things which are exalted, what is fitting is that we begin with 
the Father, who is the root of the Totality, the one from whom we have received grace to speak 
about him. 

2. The Father 

He existed before anything other than himself came into being. The Father is a single one, like a 
number, for he is the first one and the one who is only himself. Yet he is not like a solitary 
individual. Otherwise, how could he be a father? For whenever there is a "father," the name "son" 
follows. But the single one, who alone is the Father, is like a root, with tree, branches and fruit. It is 
said of him that he is a father in the proper sense, since he is inimitable and immutable. Because of 
this, he is single in the proper sense, and is a god, because no one is a god for him nor is anyone a 
father to him. For he is unbegotten, and there is no other who begot him, nor another who created 
him. For whoever is someone's father or his creator, he, too, has a father and creator. It is certainly 
possible for him to be father and creator of the one who came into being from him and the one 
whom he created, for he is not a father in the proper sense, nor a god, because he has someone 
who begot him and who created him. It is, then, only the Father and God in the proper sense that 
no one else begot. As for the Totalities, he is the one who begot them and created them. He is 
without beginning and without end. 

Not only is he without end - He is immortal for this reason, that he is unbegotten - but he is also 
invariable in his eternal existence, in his identity, in that by which he is established, and in that by 
which he is great. Neither will he remove himself from that by which he is, nor will anyone else 
force him to produce an end which he has not ever desired. He has not had anyone who initiated 
his own existence. Thus, he is himself unchanged, and no one else can remove him from his 
existence and his identity, that in which he is, and his greatness, so that he cannot be grasped; nor 
is it possible for anyone else to change him into a different form, or to reduce him, or alter him or 
diminish him, - since this is so in the fullest sense of the truth - who is the unalterable, immutable 
one, with immutability clothing him. 

Not only is he the one called "without a beginning" and "without an end," because he is 
unbegotten and immortal; but just as he has no beginning and no end as he is, he is unattainable 
in his greatness, inscrutable in his wisdom, incomprehensible in his power, and unfathomable in 
his sweetness. 

In the proper sense, he alone - the good, the unbegotten Father, and the complete perfect one - is 
the one filled with all his offspring, and with every virtue, and with everything of value. And he 
has more, that is, lack of any malice, in order that it may be discovered that whoever has anything 
is indebted to him, because he gives it, being himself unreachable and unwearied by that which he 
gives, since he is wealthy in the gifts which he bestows, and at rest in the favors which he grants. 

He is of such a kind and form and great magnitude that no one else has been with him from the 
beginning; nor is there a place in which he is, or from which he has come forth, or into which he 
will go; nor is there a primordial form, which he uses as a model as he works; nor is there any 
difficulty which accompanies him in what he does; nor is there any material which is at his 
disposal, from which <he> creates what he creates; nor any substance within him from which he 



40 



begets what he begets; nor a co-worker with him, working with him on the things at which he 
works. To say anything of this sort is ignorant. Rather, (one should speak of him) as good, 
faultless, perfect, complete, being himself the Totality. 

Not one of the names which are conceived or spoken, seen or grasped - not one of them applies to 
him, even though they are exceedingly glorious, magnifying and honored. However, it is possible 
to utter these names for his glory and honor, in accordance with the capacity of each of those who 
give him glory. Yet as for him, in his own existence, being and form, it is impossible for mind to 
conceive him, nor can any speech convey him, nor can any eye see him, nor can any body grasp 
him, because of his inscrutable greatness, and his incomprehensible depth, and his immeasurable 
height, and his illimitable will. This is the nature of the unbegotten one, which does not touch 
anything else; nor is it joined (to anything) in the manner of something which is limited. Rather, 
he possesses this constitution, without having a face or a form, things which are understood 
through perception, whence also comes (the epithet) "the incomprehensible. If he is 
incomprehensible, then it follows that he is unknowable, that he is the one who is inconceivable 
by any thought, invisible by any thing, ineffable by any word, untouchable by any hand. He alone 
is the one who knows himself as he is, along with his form and his greatness and his magnitude. 
And since he has the ability to conceive of himself, to see himself, to name himself, to comprehend 
himself, he alone is the one who is his own mind, his own eye, his own mouth, his own form, and 
he is what he thinks, what he sees, what he speaks, what he grasps, himself, the one who is 
inconceivable, ineffable, incomprehensible, immutable, while sustaining, joyous, true, delightful, 
and restful is that which he conceives, that which he sees, that about which he speaks, that which 
he has as thought. He transcends all wisdom, and is above all intellect, and is above all glory, and 
is above all beauty, and all sweetness, and all greatness, and any depth and any height. 

If this one, who is unknowable in his nature, to whom pertain all the greatnesses which I already 
mentioned - if, out of the abundance of his sweetness, he wishes to grant knowledge, so that he 
might be known, he has the ability to do so. He has his Power, which is his will. Now, however, in 
silence he himself holds back, he who is the great one, who is the cause of bringing the Totalities 
into their eternal being. 

It is in the proper sense that he begets himself as ineffable, since he alone is self-begotten, since he 
conceives of himself, and since he knows himself as he is. What is worthy of his admiration and 
glory and honor and praise, he produces because of the boundlessness of his greatness, and the 
unsearchability of his wisdom, and the immeasurability of his power, and his untasteable 
sweetness. He is the one who projects himself thus, as generation, having glory and honor 
marvelous and lovely; the one who glorifies himself, who marvels, <who> honors, who also loves; 
the one who has a Son, who subsists in him, who is silent concerning him, who is the ineffable one 
in the ineffable one, the invisible one, the incomprehensible one, the inconceivable one in the 
inconceivable one. Thus, he exists in him forever. The Father, in the way we mentioned earlier, in 
an unbegotten way, is the one in whom he knows himself, who begot him having a thought, 
which is the thought of him, that is, the perception of him, which is the [...] of his constitution 
forever. That is, however, in the proper sense, the silence and the wisdom and the grace, if it is 
designated properly in this way. 

3. The Son and the Church 

Just as the Father exists in the proper sense, the one before whom there was no one else, and the 
one apart from whom there is no other unbegotten one, so too the Son exists in the proper sense, 
the one before whom there was no other, and after whom no other son exists. Therefore, he is a 
firstborn and an only Son, "firstborn" because no one exists before him and "only Son" because no 
one is after him. Furthermore, he has his fruit, that which is unknowable because of its surpassing 
greatness. Yet he wanted it to be known, because of the riches of his sweetness. And he revealed 
the unexplainable power, and he combined with it the great abundance of his generosity. 

Not only did the Son exist from the beginning, but the Church, too, existed from the beginning. 
Now, he who thinks that the discovery that the Son is an only son opposes the statement (about 
the Church) because of the mysterious quality of the matter, it is not so. For just as the Father is a 

- 41 - 



unity, and has revealed himself as Father for him alone, so too the Son was found to be a brother 
to himself alone, in virtue of the fact that he is unbegotten and without beginning. He wonders at 
himself, along with the Father, and he gives him(self) glory and honor and love. Furthermore, he 
too is the one whom he conceives of as Son, in accordance with the dispositions: "without 
beginning" and "without end." Thus is the matter something which is fixed. Being innumerable 
and illimitable, his offspring are indivisible. Those which exist have come forth from the Son and 
the Father like kisses, because of the multitude of some who kiss one another with a good, 
insatiable thought, the kiss being a unity, although it involves many kisses. This is to say, it is the 
Church consisting of many men that existed before the aeons, which is called, in the proper sense, 
"the aeons of the aeons." This is the nature of the holy imperishable spirits, upon which the Son 
rests, since it is his essence, just as the Father rests upon the Son. 

4. Aeonic Emanations 

[...] the Church exists in the dispositions and properties in which the Father and the Son exist, as I 
have said from the start. Therefore, it subsists in the procreations of innumerable aeons. Also in an 
uncountable way they too beget, by the properties and the dispositions in which it (the Church) 
exists. For these comprise its association which they form toward one another and toward those 
who have come forth from them toward the Son, for whose glory they exist. Therefore, it is not 
possible for mind to conceive of him - He was the perfection of that place - nor can speech express 
them, for they are ineffable and unnameable and inconceivable. They alone have the ability to 
name themselves and to conceive of themselves. For they have not been rooted in these places. 

Those of that place are ineffable, (and) innumerable in the system which is both the manner and 
the size, the joy, the gladness of the unbegotten, nameless, unnameable, inconceivable, invisible, 
incomprehensible one. It is the fullness of paternity, so that his abundance is a begetting [...] of the 
aeons. 

They were forever in thought, for the Father was like a thought and a place for them. When their 
generations had been established, the one who is completely in control wished to lay hold of and 
to bring forth that which was deficient in the [...] and he brought forth those [...] him. But since he 
is as he is, he is a spring, which is not diminished by the water which abundantly flows from it. 
While they were in the Father's thought, that is, in the hidden depth, the depth knew them, but 
they were unable to know the depth in which they were; nor was it possible for them to know 
themselves, nor for them to know anything else. That is, they were with the Father; they did not 
exist for themselves. Rather, they only had existence in the manner of a seed, so that it has been 
discovered that they existed like a fetus. Like the word he begot them, subsisting spermatically, 
and the ones whom he was to beget had not yet come into being from him. The one who first 
thought of them, the Father, - not only so that they might exist for him, but also that they might 
exist for themselves as well, that they might then exist in his thought as mental substance and that 
they might exist for themselves too, - sowed a thought like a spermatic seed. Now, in order that 
they might know what exists for them, he graciously granted the initial form, while in order that 
they might recognize who is the Father who exists for them, he gave them the name "Father" by 
means of a voice proclaiming to them that what exists, exists through that name, which they have 
by virtue of the fact that they came into being, because the exaltation, which has escaped their 
notice, is in the name. 

The infant, while in the form of a fetus has enough for itself, before ever seeing the one who 
sowed it. Therefore, they had the sole task of searching for him, realizing that he exists, ever 
wishing to find out what exists. Since, however, the perfect Father is good, just as he did not hear 
them at all so that they would exist (only) in his thought, but rather granted that they, too, might 
come into being, so also will he give them grace to know what exists, that is, the one who knows 
himself eternally, [...] form to know what exists, just as people are begotten in this place: when 
they are born, they are in the light, so that they see those who have begotten them. 

The Father brought forth everything, like a little child, like a drop from a spring, like a blossom 
from a vine, like a flower, like a <planting> [...], in need of gaining nourishment and growth and 
faultlessness. He withheld it for a time. He who had thought of it from the very beginning, 



4E 



possessed it from the very beginning, and saw it, but he closed it off to those who first came from 
him. (He did this,) not out of envy, but in order that the aeons might not receive their faultlessness 
from the very beginning and might not exalt themselves to the glory, to the Father, and might 
think that from themselves alone they have this. But just as he wished to grant that they might 
come into being, so too, in order that they might come into being as faultless ones, when he 
wished, he gave them the perfect idea of beneficence toward them. 

The one whom he raised up as a light for those who came from himself, the one from whom they 
take their name, he is the Son, who is full, complete and faultless. He brought him forth mingled 
with what came forth from him [...] partaking of the [...] the Totality, in accordance with [...] by 
which each one can receive him for himself, though such was not his greatness before he was 
received by it. Rather, he exists by himself. As for the parts in which he exists in his own manner 
and form and greatness, it is possible for <them> to see him and speak about that which they 
know of him, since they wear him while he wears them, because it is possible for them to 
comprehend him. He, however, is as he is, incomparable. In order that the Father might receive 
honor from each one and reveal himself, even in his ineffability, hidden, and invisible, they 
marvel at him mentally. Therefore, the greatness of his loftiness consists in the fact that they speak 
about him and see him. He becomes manifest, so that he may be hymned because of the 
abundance of his sweetness, with the grace of <...>. And just as the admirations of the silences are 
eternal generations and they are mental offspring, so too the dispositions of the word are spiritual 
emanations. Both of them admirations and dispositions, since they belong to a word, are seeds 
and thoughts of his offspring, and roots which live forever, appearing to be offspring which have 
come forth from themselves, being minds and spiritual offspring to the glory of the Father. 

There is no need for voice and spirit, mind and word, because there is no need to work at that 
which they desire to do, but on the pattern by which he was existing, so are those who have come 
forth from him, begetting everything which they desire. And the one whom they conceive of, and 
whom they speak about, and the one toward whom they move, and the one in whom they are, 
and the one whom they hymn, thereby glorifying him, he has sons. For this is their procreative 
power, like those from whom they have come, according to their mutual assistance, since they 
assist one another like the unbegotten ones. 

The Father, in accordance with his exalted position over the Totalities, being an unknown and 
incomprehensible one, has such greatness and magnitude, that, if he had revealed himself 
suddenly, quickly, to all the exalted ones among the aeons who had come forth from him, they 
would have perished. Therefore, he withheld his power and his inexhaustibility within that in 
which he is. He is ineffable and unnameable and exalted above every mind and every word. This 
one, however, stretched himself out and it was that which he stretched out which gave a 
foundation and a space and a dwelling place for the universe, a name of his being "the one 
through whom," since he is Father of the All, out of his laboring for those who exist, having sown 
into their thought that they might seek after him. The abundance of their [...] consists in the fact 
that they understand that he exists and in the fact that they ask what it is that was existing. This 
one was given to them for enjoyment and nourishment and joy and an abundance of illumination, 
which consists in his fellow laboring, his knowledge and his mingling with them, that is, the one 
who is called and is, in fact, the Son, since he is the Totalities and the one of whom they know both 
who he is and that it is he who clothes. This is the one who is called "Son" and the one of whom 
they understand that he exists and they were seeking after him. This is the one who exists as 
Father and (as) the one about whom they cannot speak, and the one of whom they do not 
conceive. This is the one who first came into being. 

It is impossible for anyone to conceive of him or think of him. Or can anyone approach there, 
toward the exalted one, toward the preexistent in the proper sense? But all the names conceived or 
spoken about him are presented in honor, as a trace of him, according to the ability of each one of 
those who glorify him. Now he who arose from him when he stretched himself out for begetting 
and for knowledge on the part of the Totalities, he [...] all of the names, without falsification, and 
he is, in the proper sense, the sole first one, the man of the Father, that is, the one whom I call 

the form of the formless, 



43 



the body of the bodiless, 

the face of the invisible, 

the word of the unutterable, 

the mind of the inconceivable, 

the fountain which flowed from him, 

the root of those who are planted, 

and the god of those who exist, 

the light of those whom he illumines, 

the love of those whom he loved, 

the providence of those for whom he providentially cares, 

the wisdom of those whom he made wise, 

the power of those to whom he gives power, 

the assembly of those whom he assembles to him, 

the revelation of the things which are sought after, 

the eye of those who see, 

the breath of those who breathe, 

the life of those who live, 

the unity of those who are mixed with the Totalities. 

All of them exist in the single one, as he clothes himself completely and by his single name he is 
never called. And in this unique way they are equally the single one and the Totalities. He is 
neither divided as a body, nor is he separated into the names which he has received, (so that) he is 
one thing in this way and another in another way. Also, neither does he change in [...], nor does he 
turn into the names which he thinks of, and become now this, now something else, this thing now 
being one thing and, at another time, something else, but rather he is wholly himself to the 
uttermost. He is each and every one of the Totalities forever at the same time. He is what all of 
them are. He brought the Father to the Totalities. He also is the Totalities, for he is the one who is 
knowledge for himself and he is each one of the properties. He has the powers and he is beyond 
all that which he knows, while seeing himself in himself completely and having a Son and form. 
Therefore, his powers and properties are innumerable and inaudible, because of the begetting by 
which he begets them. Innumerable and indivisible are the begettings of his words, and his 
commands and his Totalities. He knows them, which things he himself is, since they are in the 
single name, and are all speaking in it. And he brings (them) forth, in order that it might be 
discovered that they exist according to their individual properties in a unified way. And he did 
not reveal the multitude to the Totalities at once nor did he reveal his equality to those who had 
come forth from him. 

5. Aeonic Life 

All those who came forth from him <who> are the aeons of the aeons, being emanations and 
offspring of <his> procreative nature, they too, in their procreative nature, have <given> glory to 
the Father, as he was the cause of their establishment. This is what we said previously, namely 
that he creates the aeons as roots and springs and fathers, and that he is the one to whom they 
give glory. They have begotten, for he has knowledge and wisdom and the Totalities knew that it 
is from knowledge and wisdom that they have come forth. They would have brought forth a 
seeming honor: "The Father is the one who is the Totalities," if the aeons had risen up to give 
honor individually. Therefore, in the song of glorification and in the power of the unity of him 
from whom they have come, they were drawn into a mingling and a combination and a unity with 
one another. They offered glory worthy of the Father from the pleromatic congregation, which is a 
single representation although many, because it was brought forth as a glory for the single one 
and because they came forth toward the one who is himself the Totalities. Now, this was a praise 



44 



[...] the one who brought forth the Totalities, being a first-fruit of the immortals and an eternal one, 
because, having come forth from the living aeons, being perfect and full because of the one who is 
perfect and full, it left full and perfect those who have given glory in a perfect way because of the 
fellowship. For, like the faultless Father, when he is glorified he also hears the glory which 
glorifies him, so as to make them manifest as that which he is. 

The cause of the second honor which accrued to them is that which was returned to them from the 
Father when they had known the grace by which they bore fruit with one another because of the 
Father. As a result, just as they <were> brought forth in glory for the Father, so too in order to 
appear perfect, they appeared acting by giving glory. 

They were fathers of the third glory according to the independence and the power which was 
begotten with them, since each one of them individually does not exist so as to give glory in a 
unitary way to him whom he loves. 

They are the first and the second and thus both of them are perfect and full, for they are 
manifestations of the Father who is perfect and full, as well as of those who came forth, who are 
perfect by the fact that they glorify the perfect one. The fruit of the third, however, consists of 
honors of the will of each one of the aeons, and each one of the properties. The Father has power. 
It exists fully, perfect in the thought which is a product of agreement, since it is a product of the 
individuality of the aeons. It is this which he loves and over which he has power, as it gives glory 
to the Father by means of it. 

For this reason, they are minds of minds, which are found to be words of words, elders of elders, 
degrees of degrees, which are exalted above one another. Each one of those who give glory has his 
place and his exaltation and his dwelling and his rest, which consists of the glory which he brings 
forth. 

All those who glorify the Father have their begetting eternally, - they beget in the act of assisting 
one another - since the emanations are limitless and immeasurable and since there is no envy on 
the part of the Father toward those who came forth from him in regard to their begetting 
something equal or similar to him, since he is the one who exists in the Totalities, begetting and 
revealing himself. Whomever he wishes, he makes into a father, of whom he in fact is Father, and 
a god, of whom he in fact is God, and he makes them the Totalities, whose entirety he is. In the 
proper sense all the names which are great are kept there, these (names) which the angels share, 
who have come into being in the cosmos along with the archons, although they do not have any 
resemblance to the eternal beings. 

The entire system of the aeons has a love and a longing for the perfect, complete discovery of the 
Father and this is their unimpeded agreement. Though the Father reveals himself eternally, he did 
not wish that they should know him, since he grants that he be conceived of in such a way as to be 
sought for, while keeping to himself his unsearchable primordial being. 

It is he, the Father, who gave root impulses to the aeons, since they are places on the path which 
leads toward him, as toward a school of behavior. He has extended to them faith in and prayer to 
him whom they do not see; and a firm hope in him of whom they do not conceive; and a fruitful 
love, which looks toward that which it does not see; and an acceptable understanding of the 
eternal mind; and a blessing, which is riches and freedom; and a wisdom of the one who desires 
the glory of the Father for <his> thought. 

It is by virtue of his will that the Father, the one who is exalted, is known, that is, (by virtue of) the 
spirit which breathes in the Totalities and it gives them an idea of seeking after the unknown one, 
just as one is drawn by a pleasant aroma to search for the thing from which the aroma arises, since 
the aroma of the Father surpasses these ordinary ones. For his sweetness leaves the aeons in 
ineffable pleasure and it gives them their idea of mingling with him who wants them to know him 
in a united way and to assist one another in the spirit which is sown within them. Though existing 
under a great weight, they are renewed in an inexpressible way, since it is impossible for them to 
be separated from that in which they are set in an uncomprehending way, because they will not 
speak, being silent about the Father's glory, about the one who has power to speak, and yet they 
will take form from him. He revealed himself, though it is impossible to speak of him. They have 



45 



him, hidden in a thought, since from this one [...]. They are silent about the way the Father is in his 
form and his nature and his greatness, while the aeons have become worthy of knowing through 
his spirit that he is unnameable and incomprehensible. It is through his spirit, which is the trace of 
the search for him, that he provides them the ability to conceive of him and to speak about him. 

Each one of the aeons is a name, <that is>, each of the properties and powers of the Father, since 
he exists in many names, which are intermingled and harmonious with one another. It is possible 
to speak of him because of the wealth of speech, just as the Father is a single name, because he is a 
unity, yet is innumerable in his properties and names. 

The emanation of the Totalities, which exist from the one who exists, did not occur according to a 
separation from one another, as something cast off from the one who begets them. Rather, their 
begetting is like a process of extension, as the Father extends himself to those whom he loves, so 
that those who have come forth from him might become him as well. 

Just as the present aeon, though a unity, is divided by units of time and units of time are divided 
into years and years are divided into seasons and seasons into months, and months into days, and 
days into hours, and hours into moments, so too the aeon of the Truth, since it is a unity and 
multiplicity, receives honor in the small and the great names according to the power of each to 
grasp it - by way of analogy - like a spring which is what it is, yet flows into streams and lakes and 
canals and branches, or like a root spread out beneath trees and branches with its fruit, or like a 
human body, which is partitioned in an indivisible way into members of members, primary 
members and secondary, great and small. 

6. The Imperfect Begetting by the Logos 

The aeons have brought themselves forth in accord with the third fruit by the freedom of the will 
and by the wisdom with which he favored them for their thought. They do not wish to give honor 
with that which is from an agreement, though it was produced for words of praise for each of the 
Pleromas. Nor do they wish to give honor with the Totality. Nor do they wish (to do so) with 
anyone else who was originally above the depth of that one, or (above) his place, except, however, 
for the one who exists in an exalted name and in the exalted place, and only if he receives from the 
one who wished (to give honor), and takes it to him(self) for the one above him, and (only if) he 
begets him(self), so to speak, himself, and, through that one, begets him(self) along with that 
which he is, and himself becomes renewed along with the one who came upon him, by his 
brother, and sees him and entreats him about the matter, namely, he who wished to ascend to 
him. 

So that it might be in this way, the one who wished to give honor does not say anything to him 
about this, except only that there is a limit to speech set in the Pleroma, so that they are silent 
about the incomprehensibility of the Father, but they speak about the one who wishes to 
comprehend him. It came to one of the aeons that he should attempt to grasp the 
incomprehensibility and give glory to it and especially to the ineffability of the Father. Since he is 
a Logos of the unity, he is one, though he is not from the agreement of the Totalities, nor from him 
who brought them forth, namely, the one who brought forth the Totality, the Father. 

This aeon was among those to whom was given wisdom, so that he could become pre-existent in 
each one's thought. By that which he wills, will they be produced. Therefore, he received a wise 
nature in order to examine the hidden basis, since he is a wise fruit; for, the free will which was 
begotten with the Totalities was a cause for this one, such as to make him do what he desired, 
with no one to restrain him. 

The intent, then, of the Logos, who is this one, was good. When he had come forth, he gave glory 
to the Father, even if it led to something beyond possibility, since he had wanted to bring forth 
one who is perfect, from an agreement in which he had not been, and without having the 
command. 

This aeon was last to have <been> brought forth by mutual assistance, and he was small in 
magnitude. And before he begot anything else for the glory of the will and in agreement with the 
Totalities, he acted, magnanimously, from an abundant love, and set out toward that which 

- 46 - 



surrounds the perfect glory, for it was not without the will of the Father that the Logos was 
produced, which is to say, not without it will he go forth. But he, the Father, had brought him 
forth for those about whom he knew that it was fitting that they should come into being. 

The Father and the Totalities drew away from him, so that the limit which the Father had set 
might be established - for it is not from grasping the incomprehensibility but by the will of the 
Father, - and furthermore, (they withdrew) so that the things which have come to be might 
become an organization which would come into being. If it were to come, it would not come into 
being by the manifestation of the Pleroma. Therefore, it is not fitting to criticize the movement 
which is the Logos, but it is fitting that we should say about the movement of the Logos that it is a 
cause of an organization which has been destined to come about. 

The Logos himself caused it to happen, being complete and unitary, for the glory of the Father, 
whom he desired, and (he did so) being content with it, but those whom he wished to take hold of 
firmly he begot in shadows and copies and likenesses. For, he was not able to bear the sight of the 
light, but he looked into the depth and he doubted. Out of this there was a division - he became 
deeply troubled - and a turning away because of his self-doubt and division, forgetfulness and 
ignorance of himself and <of that> which is. 

His self-exaltation and his expectation of comprehending the incomprehensible became firm for 
him and was in him. But the sicknesses followed him when he went beyond himself, having come 
into being from self-doubt, namely from the fact that he did not <reach the attainment of> the 
glories of the Father, the one whose exalted status is among things unlimited. This one did not 
attain him, for he did not receive him. 

The one whom he himself brought forth as a unitary aeon rushed up to that which is his and this 
kin of his in the Pleroma abandoned him who came to be in the defect along with those who had 
come forth from him in an imaginary way, since they are not his. 

When he who produced himself as perfect actually did bring himself forth, he became weak like a 
female nature which has abandoned its virile counterpart. 

From that which was deficient in itself there came those things which came into being from his 
thought and his arrogance, but from that which is perfect in him he left it and raised himself up to 
those who are his. He was in the Pleroma as a remembrance for him so that he would be saved 
from his arrogance. 

The one who ran on high and the one who drew him to himself were not barren, but in bringing 
forth a fruit in the Pleroma, they upset those who were in the defect. 

Like the Pleromas are the things which came into being from the arrogant thought, which are their 
(the Pleromas') likenesses, copies, shadows, and phantasms, lacking reason and the light, these 
which belong to the vain thought, since they are not products of anything. Therefore, their end 
will be like their beginning: from that which did not exist (they are) to return once again to that 
which will not be. It is they, however, by themselves who are greater, more powerful, and more 
honored than the names which are given to them, which are their shadows. In the manner of a 
reflection are they beautiful. For the face of the copy normally takes its beauty from that of which 
it is a copy. 

They thought of themselves that they are beings existing by themselves and are without a source, 
since they do not see anything else existing before them. Therefore, they lived in disobedience and 
acts of rebellion, without having humbled themselves before the one because of whom they came 
into being. 

They wanted to command one another, overcoming one another in their vain ambition, while the 
glory which they possess contains a cause of the system which was to be. 

They are likenesses of the things which are exalted. They were brought to a lust for power in each 
one of them, according to the greatness of the name of which each is a shadow, each one 
imagining that it is superior to his fellows. 

The thought of these others was not barren, but just like <those> of which they are shadows, all 
that they thought about they have as potential sons; those of whom they thought they had as 



47 



offspring. Therefore, it happened that many offspring came forth from them, as fighters, as 
warriors, as troublemakers, as apostates. They are disobedient beings, lovers of power. All the 
other beings of this sort were brought forth from these. 

7. The Conversion of the Logos 

The Logos was a cause of those who came into being and he continued all the more to be at a loss 
and he was astonished. Instead of perfection, he saw a defect; instead of unification, he saw 
division; instead of stability, he saw disturbances; instead of rests, tumults. Neither was it possible 
for him to make them cease from loving disturbance, nor was it possible for him to destroy it. He 
was completely powerless, once his totality and his exaltation abandoned him. 

Those who had come into being not knowing themselves both did not know the Pleromas from 
which they came forth and did not know the one who was the cause of their existence. 

The Logos, being in such unstable conditions, did not continue to bring forth anything like 
emanations, the things which are in the Pleroma, the glories which exist for the honor of the 
Father. Rather, he brought forth little weaklings, hindered) by the illnesses by which he too was 
hindered. It was the likeness of the disposition which was a unity, that which was the cause of the 
things which do not themselves exist from the first. 

Until the one who brought forth into the defect these things which were thus in need, until he 
judged those who came into being because of him contrary to reason - which is the judgment 
which became a condemnation - he struggled against them unto destruction, that is, the ones who 
struggled against the condemnation and whom the wrath pursues, while it (the wrath) accepts 
and redeems (them) from their (false) opinion and apostasy, since from it is the conversion which 
is also called "metanoia." The Logos turned to another opinion and another thought. Having 
turned away from evil, he turned toward the good things. Following the conversion came the 
thought of the things which exist and the prayer for the one who converted himself to the good. 

The one who is in the Pleroma was what he first prayed to and remembered; then (he 
remembered) his brothers individually and (yet) always with one another; then all of them 
together; but before all of them, the Father. The prayer of the agreement was a help for him in his 
own return and (in that of) the Totality, for a cause of his remembering those who have existed 
from the first was his being remembered. This is the thought which calls out from afar, bringing 
him back. 

All his prayer and remembering were numerous powers according to that limit. For there is 
nothing barren in his thought. 

The powers were good and were greater than those of the likeness. For those belonging to the 
likeness also belong to a nature of falsehood. From an illusion of similarity and a thought of 
arrogance has come about that which they became. And they originate from the thought which 
first knew them. 

To what do the former beings pertain? They are like forgetfulness and heavy sleep; being like 
those who dream troubled dreams, to whom sleep comes while they - those who dream - are 
oppressed. The others are like some creatures of light for him, looking for the rising of the sun, 
since it happened that they saw in him dreams which are truly sweet. It immediately put a stop to 
the emanations of the thought. They did not any longer have their substance and also they did not 
have honor any longer. 

Though he is not equal to those who pre-existed, if they were superior to the likenesses, it was he 
alone through whom they were more exalted than those, for they are not from a good intent. 

It was not from the sickness which came into being that they were produced, from which is the 
good intent, but (from) the one who sought after the pre-existent. Once he had prayed, he both 
raised himself to the good and sowed in them a pre-disposition to seek and pray to the glorious 
pre-existent one, and he sowed in them a thought about him and an idea, so that they should 
think that something greater than themselves exists prior to them, although they did not 



48 



understand what it was. Begetting harmony and mutual love through that thought, they acted in 
unity and unanimity, since from unity and from unanimity they have received their very being. 

They were stronger than them in the lust for power, for they were more honored than the first 
ones, who had been raised above them. Those had not humbled themselves. They thought about 
themselves that they were beings originating from themselves alone and were without a source. 
As they brought forth at first according to their own birth, the two orders assaulted one another, 
fighting for command because of their manner of being. As a result, they were submerged in 
forces and natures in accord with the condition of mutual assault, having lust for power and all 
other things of this sort. It is from these that the vain love of glory draws all of them to the desire 
of the lust for power, while none of them has the exalted thought nor acknowledges it. 

The powers of this thought are prepared in the works of the pre-existent <ones>, those of which 
they are the representations. For the order of those of this sort had mutual harmony, but it fought 
against the order of those of the likeness, while the order of those of the likeness wages war 
against the representations and acts against it alone, because of its wrath. From this it [...] them [...] 
one another, many [...] necessity appointed them [...] and might prevail [...] was not a multitude, 
[...] and their envy and their [...] and their wrath and violence and desire and prevailing ignorance 
produce empty matters and powers of various sorts, mixed in great number with one another; 
while the mind of the Logos, who was a cause of their begetting, was open to a revelation of the 
hope which would come to him from above. 

8. The Emanation of the Savior 

The Logos which moved had the hope and the expectation of him who is exalted. As for those of 
the shadow, he separated himself from them in every way, since they fight against him and are 
not at all humble before him. He was content with the beings of the thought. And as for the one 
who is set up in this way and who is within the exalted boundary, remembering the one who is 
defective, the Logos brought him forth in an invisible way, among those who came into being 
according to the thought, according to the one who was with them, until the light shone upon him 
from above as a lifegiver, the one who was begotten by the thought of brotherly love of the pre- 
existent Pleromas. 

The stumbling, which happened to the aeons of the Father of the Totalities who did not suffer, was 
brought to them, as if it were their own, in a careful and non-malicious and immensely sweet way. 
It was brought to the Totalities so that they might be instructed about the defect by the single one, 
from whom alone they all received strength to eliminate the defects. 

The order which was his came into being from him who ran on high and that which brought itself 
forth from him and from the entire perfection. The one who ran on high became for the one who 
was defective an intercessor with the emanation of the aeons which had come into being in accord 
with the things which exist. When he prayed to them, they consented joyously and willingly, since 
they were in agreement, and with harmonious consent, to aid the defective one. They gathered 
together, asking the Father with beneficent intent that there be aid from above, from the Father, 
for his glory, since the defective one could not become perfect in any other way, unless it was the 
will of the Pleroma of the Father, which he had drawn to himself, revealed, and given to the 
defective one. Then from the harmony, in a joyous willingness which had come into being, they 
brought forth the fruit, which was a begetting from the harmony, a unity, a possession of the 
Totalities, revealing the countenance of the Father, of whom the aeons thought as they gave glory 
and prayed for help for their brother with a wish in which the Father counted himself with them. 
Thus, it was willingly and gladly that they bring forth the fruit. And he made manifest the 
agreement of the revelation of his union with them, which is his beloved Son. But the Son in 
whom the Totalities are pleased put himself on them as a garment, through which he gave 
perfection to the defective one, and gave confirmation to those who are perfect, the one who is 
properly called "Savior" and "the Redeemer" and "the Well-Pleasing one" and "the Beloved," "the 
one to whom prayers have been offered" and "the Christ" and "the Light of those appointed," in 
accordance with the ones from whom he was brought forth, since he has become the names of the 



49 



positions which were given to him. Yet, what other name may be applied to him except "the Son," 
as we previously said, since he is the knowledge of the Father, whom he wanted them to know? 

Not only did the aeons generate the countenance of the Father to whom they gave praise, which 
was written previously, but also they generated their own; for the aeons who give glory generated 
their countenance and their face. They were produced as an army for him, as for a king, since the 
beings of the thought have a powerful fellowship and an intermingled harmony. They came forth 
in a multifaceted form, in order that the one to whom help was to be given might see those to 
whom he had prayed for help. He also sees the one who gave it to him. 

The fruit of the agreement with him, of which we previously spoke, is subject to the power of the 
Totalities. For the Father has set the Totalities within him, both the ones which pre-exist and the 
ones which are, and the ones which will be. He was capable (of doing it). He revealed those which 
he had placed within him. He did not give them, when he entrusted them to him. He directed the 
organization of the universe according to the authority which was given him from the first and 
(according to) the power of the task. Thus, he began and effected his revelation. 

The one in whom the Father is and the one in whom the Totalities are <was> created before the 
one who lacked sight. He instructed him about those who searched for their sight, by means of the 
shining of that perfect light. He first perfected him in ineffable joy. He perfected him for himself as 
a perfect one and he also gave him what is appropriate to each individual. For this is the 
determination of the first joy. And <he> sowed in him in an invisible way a word which is 
destined to be knowledge. And he gave him power to separate and cast out from himself those 
who are disobedient to him. Thus, he made himself manifest to him. But to those who came into 
being because of him he revealed a form surpassing them. They acted in a hostile way toward one 
another. Suddenly he revealed himself to them, approaching them in the form of lightning. And in 
putting an end to the entanglement which they have with one another he stopped it by the sudden 
revelation, which they were not informed about, did not expect, and did not know of. Because of 
this, they were afraid and fell down, since they were not able to bear the appearance of the light 
which struck them. The one who appeared was an assault for the two orders. Just as the beings of 
thought had been given the name "little one," so they have a faint notion that they have the exalted 
one, he exists before them, and they have sown within them an attitude of amazement at the 
exalted one who will become manifest. Therefore, they welcomed his revelation and they 
worshipped him. They became convinced witnesses to <him>. They acknowledged the light 
which had come into being as one stronger than those who fought against them. The beings of the 
likeness, however, were exceedingly afraid, since they were not able to hear about him in the 
beginning, that there is a vision of this sort. Therefore they fell down to the pit of ignorance which 
is called "the Outer Darkness," and "Chaos" and "Hades" and "the Abyss." He set up what was 
beneath the order of the beings of thought, as it was stronger than they. They were worthy of 
ruling over the unspeakable darkness, since it is theirs and is the lot which was assigned to them. 
He granted them that they, too, should be of use for the organization which was to come, to which 
he had assigned them. 

There is a great difference between the revelation of the one who came into being to the one who 
was defective and to those things which are to come into being because of him. For he revealed 
himself to him within him, since he is with him, is a fellow sufferer with him, gives him rest little 
by little, makes him grow, lifts him up, gives himself to him completely for enjoyment from a 
vision. But to those who fall outside, he revealed himself quickly and in a striking way and he 
withdrew to himself suddenly without having let them see him. 

9. The Pleroma of the Logos 

When the Logos which was defective was illumined, his Pleroma began. He escaped those who 
had disturbed him at first. He became unmixed with them. He stripped off that arrogant thought. 
He received mingling with the Rest, when those who had been disobedient to him at first bent 
down and humbled themselves before him. And he rejoiced over the visitation of his brothers who 
had visited him. He gave glory and praise to those who had become manifest as a help to him, 
while he gave thanks, because he had escaped those who revolted against him, and admired and 



5D 



honored the greatness and those who had appeared to him in a determined way. He generated 
manifest images of the living visages, pleasing among things which are good, existing among the 
things which exist, resembling them in beauty, but unequal to them in truth, since they are not 
from an agreement with him, between the one who brought them forth and the one who revealed 
himself to him. But in wisdom and knowledge he acts, mingling the Logos with him(self) entirely. 
Therefore, those which came forth from him are great, just as that which is truly great. 

After he was amazed at the beauty of the ones who had appeared to him, he professed gratitude 
for this visitation. The Logos performed this activity, through those from whom he had received 
aid, for the stability of those who had come into being because of him and so that they might 
receive something good, since he thought to pray for the organization of all those who came forth 
from him, which is stabilized, so that it might make them established. Therefore, those whom he 
intentionally produced are in chariots, just as those who came into being, those who have 
appeared, so that they might pass through every place of things which are below, so that each one 
might be given the place which is constituted as he is. This is destruction for the beings of the 
likeness, yet is an act of beneficence for the beings of the thought, a revelation Dittography of those 
who are from the ordinance, which was a unity while suffering, while they are seeds, which have 
not come to be by themselves. 

The one who appeared was a countenance of the Father and of the harmony. He was a garment 
(composed) of every grace, and food which is for those whom the Logos brought forth while 
praying and giving glory and honor. This is the one whom he glorified and honored while looking 
to those to whom he prayed, so that he might perfect them through the images which he had 
brought forth. 

The Logos added even more to their mutual assistance and to the hope of the promise, since they 
have joy and abundant rest and undefiled pleasures. He generated those whom he remembered at 
first, when they were not with him, (he generated them) having the perfection. Dittography Now, 
while he who belongs to the vision is with him, he exists in hope and faith in the perfect Father, as 
much as the Totalities. He appears to him before he mingles with him, in order that the things 
which have come into being might not perish by looking upon the light, for they cannot accept the 
great, exalted stature. 

The thought of the Logos, who had returned to his stability and ruled over those who had come 
into being because of him, was called "Aeon" and "Place" of all those whom he had brought forth 
in accord with the ordinance, and it is also called "Synagogue of Salvation," because he healed him 
(self) from the dispersal, which is the multifarious thought, and returned to the single thought. 
Similarly, it is called "Storehouse," because of the rest which he obtained, giving (it) to himself 
alone. And it is also called "Bride," because of the joy of the one who gave himself to him in the 
hope of fruit from the union, and who appeared to him. It is also called "Kingdom," because of the 
stability which he received, while he rejoices at the domination over those who fought him. And it 
is called "the Joy of the Lord," because of the gladness in which he clothed himself. With him is the 
light, giving him recompense for the good things which are in him, and (with him is) the thought 
of freedom. 

The aeon of which we previously spoke is above the two orders of those who fight against one 
another. It is not a companion of those who hold dominion and is not implicated in the illnesses 
and weaknesses, things belonging to the thought and to the likeness. 

That in which the Logos set himself, perfect in joy, was an aeon, having the form of matter, but 
also having the constitution of the cause, which is the one who revealed himself. (The aeon was) 
an image of those things which are in the Pleroma, those things which came into being from the 
abundance of the enjoyment of the one who exists joyously. Moreover, the countenance of the one 
who revealed himself, was in the sincerity and the attentiveness and the promise concerning the 
things for which he asked. It had the designation of the Son and his essence and his power and his 
form, who is the one whom he loved and in whom he was pleased, who was entreated in a loving 
way. It was light and was a desire to be established and an openness for instruction and an eye for 
vision, qualities which it had from the exalted ones. It was also wisdom for his thinking in 



51 



opposition to the things beneath the organization. It was also a word for speaking and the 
perfection of the things of this sort. And it is these who took form with him, but according to the 
image of the Pleroma, having their fathers who are the ones who gave them life, each one being a 
copy of each one of the faces, which are forms of maleness, since they are not from the illness 
which is femaleness, but are from this one who already has left behind the sickness. It has the 
name "the Church," for in harmony they resemble the harmony in the assembly of those who have 
revealed themselves. 

That which came into being in the image of the light, it too is perfect, inasmuch as it is an image of 
the one existing light, which is the Totalities. Even if it was inferior to the one of whom it is an 
image, nevertheless it has its indivisibility, because it is a countenance of the indivisible light. 
Those, however, who came into being in the image of each one of the aeons, they in essence are in 
the one whom we previously mentioned, but in power they are not equal, because it (the power) is 
in each of them. In this mingling with one another they have equality, but each one has not cast off 
what is peculiar to itself. Therefore, they are passions, for passion is sickness, since they are 
productions not of the agreement of the Pleroma, but of this one, prematurely, before he received 
the Father. Hence, the agreement with his Totality and will was something beneficial for the 
organization which was to come. It was granted them to pass through the places which are below, 
since the places are unable to accommodate their sudden, hasty coming, unless (they come) 
individually, one by one. Their coming is necessary, since by them will everything be perfected. 

In short, the Logos received the vision of all things, those which pre-exist, and those which are 
now, and those which will be, since he has been entrusted with the organization of all that which 
exists. Some things are already in things which are fit for coming into being, but the seeds which 
are to be he has within himself, because of the promise which belonged to that which he 
conceived, as something belonging to seeds which are to be. And he produced his offspring, that 
is, the revelation of that which he conceived. For a while, however, the seed of promise is guarded, 
so that those who have been appointed for a mission might be appointed by the coming of the 
Savior and of those who are with him, the ones who are first in knowledge and glory of the Father. 

10. The Organization 

It is fitting, from the prayer which he made and the conversion which occurred because of it, that 
some should perish, while others benefit, and still others be set apart. He first prepared the 
punishment of those who are disobedient, making use of a power of the one who appeared, the 
one from whom he received authority over all things, so as to be separate from him. He is the one 
who is below, and he also keeps himself apart from that which is exalted, until he prepares the 
organization of all those things which are external, and gives to each the place which is assigned 
to it. 

The Logos established him(self) at first, when he beautified the Totalities, as a basic principle and 
cause and ruler of the things which came to be, like the Father, the one who was the cause of the 
establishment, which was the first to exist after him. He created the pre-existent images, which he 
brought forth in thanks and glorification. Then he beautified the place of those whom he had 
brought forth in glory, which is called "Paradise" and "the Enjoyment" and "the Joy full of 
sustenance" and "the Joy," which pre-exist. And of every goodness which exists in the Pleroma, it 
preserves the image. Then he beautified the kingdom, like a city filled with everything pleasing, 
which is brotherly love and the great generosity, which is filled with the holy spirits and the 
mighty powers which govern them, which the Logos produced and established in power. Then 
(he beautified) the place of the Church which assembles in this place, having the form of the 
Church which exists in the aeons, which glorifies the Father. After these (he beautified) the place 
of the faith and obedience (which arises) from hope, which things the Logos received when the 
light appeared; then (he beautified the place of) the disposition, which is prayer and supplication, 
which were followed by forgiveness and the word concerning the one who would appear. 

All the spiritual places are in spiritual power. They are separate from the beings of the thought, 
since the power is established in an image, which is that which separates the Pleroma from the 
Logos, while the power which is active in prophesying about the things which will be, directs the 



beings of the thought which have come into being toward that which is pre-existent, and it does 
not permit them to mix with the things which have come into being through a vision of the things 
which are with him. 

The beings of the thought which is outside are humble; they preserve the representation of the 
pleromatic, especially because of the sharing in the names by which they are beautiful. 

The conversion is humble toward the beings of the thought, and the law, too, is humble toward 
them, (the law) of the judgment, which is the condemnation and the wrath. Also humble toward 
them is the power which separates those who fall below them, sends them far off and does not 
allow them to spread out over the beings of the thought and the conversion, which (power) 
consists in fear and perplexity and forgetfulness and astonishment and ignorance and the things 
which have come into being in the manner of a likeness, through fantasy. And these things, too, 
which were in fact lowly, are given the exalted names. There is no knowledge for those who have 
come forth from them with arrogance and lust for power and disobedience and falsehood. 

To each one he gave a name, since the two orders are in a name. Those belonging to the thought 
and those of the representation are called "the Right Ones" and "Psychic" and "the Fiery Ones" and 
"the Middle Ones." Those who belong to the arrogant thought and those of the likeness are called 
"the Left", "Hylic", "the Dark Ones," and "the Last." 

After the Logos established each one in his order, both the images and the representations and the 
likenesses, he kept the aeon of the images pure from all those who fight against it, since it is a 
place of joy. However, to those of the thought he revealed the thought which he had stripped from 
himself, desiring to draw them into a material union, for the sake of their system and dwelling 
place, and in order that they might also bring forth an impulse for diminution from their attraction 
to evil, so that they might not any more rejoice in the glory of their environment and be dissolved, 
but might rather see their sickness in which they suffer, so that they might beget love and 
continuous searching after the one who is able to heal them of the inferiority. Also over those who 
belong to the likeness, he set the word of beauty, so that he might bring them into a form. He also 
set over them the law of judgment. Again, he set over them the powers which the roots had 
produced in their lust for power. He appointed them as rulers over them, so that, either by the 
support of the word which is beautiful, or by the threat of the law, or by the power of lust for 
power, the order might be preserved from those who have reduced it to evil, while the Logos is 
pleased with them, since they are useful for the organization. 

The Logos knows the agreement in the lust for power of the two orders. To these and to all the 
others, he graciously granted their desire. He gave to each one the appropriate rank, and it was 
ordered that each one be a ruler over a place and an activity. He yields to the place of the one more 
exalted than himself, in order to command the other places in an activity which is in the allotted 
activity which falls to him to have control over because of his mode of being. As a result, there are 
commanders and subordinates in positions of domination and subjection among the angels and 
archangels, while the activities are of various types and are different. Each one of the archons with 
his race and his perquisites to which his lot has claim, just as they appeared, each was on guard, 
since they have been entrusted with the organization and none lacks a command and none is 
without kingship from the end of the heavens to the end of the earth, even to the foundations of 
the earth, and to the places beneath the earth. There are kings, there are lords and those who give 
commands, some for administering punishment, others for administering justice, still others for 
giving rest and healing, others for teaching, others for guarding. 

Over all the archons he appointed an Archon with no one commanding him. He is the lord of all 
of them, that is, the countenance which the Logos brought forth in his thought as a representation 
of the Father of the Totalities. Therefore, he is adorned with every <name> which <is> a 
representation of him, since he is characterized by every property and glorious quality. For he too 
is called "father" and god" and "demiurge" and "king" and "judge" and "place" and "dwelling" and 
"law." 

The Logos uses him as a hand, to beautify and work on the things below, and he uses him as a 
mouth, to say the things which will be prophesied. 



53 



The things which he has spoken he does. When he saw that they were great and good and 
wonderful, he was pleased and rejoiced, as if he himself in his own thought had been the one to 
say them and do them, not knowing that the movement within him is from the spirit who moves 
him in a determined way toward those things which he wants. 

In regard to the things which came into being from him, he spoke of them, and they came into 
being as a representation of the spiritual places which we mentioned previously in the discussion 
about the images. 

Not only <did> he work, but also, as the one who is appointed as father of his organization, he 
engendered by himself and by the seeds, yet also by the spirit which is elect and which will 
descend through him to the places which are below. Not only does he speak spiritual words of his 
own, <but> in an invisible way, (he speaks) through the spirit which calls out and begets things 
greater than his own essence. 

Since in his essence he is a "god" and "father" and all the rest of the honorific titles, he was 
thinking that they were elements of his own essence. He established a rest for those who obey 
him, but for those who disobey him, he also established punishments. With him, too, there is a 
paradise and a kingdom and everything else which exists in the aeon which exists before him. 
They are more valuable than the imprints, because of the thought which is connected with them, 
which is like a shadow and a garment, so to speak, because he does not see in what way the things 
which exist actually do exist. 

He established workers and servants, assisting in what he will do and what he will say, for in 
every place where he worked he left his countenance in his beautiful name, effecting and speaking 
of the things which he thinks about. 

He established in his place images of the light which appeared and of those things which are 
spiritual, though they were of his own essence. For, thus they were honored in every place by him, 
being pure, from the countenance of the one who appointed them, and they were established: 
paradises and kingdoms and rests and promises and multitudes of servants of his will, and 
though they are lords of dominions, they are set beneath the one who is lord, the one who 
appointed them. 

After he listened to him in this way, properly, about the lights, which are the source and the 
system, he set them over the beauty of the things below. The invisible spirit moved him in this 
way, so that he would wish to administer through his own servant, whom he too used, as a hand 
and as a mouth and as if he were his face, (and his servant is) the things which he brings, order 
and threat and fear, in order that those with whom he has done what is ignorant might despise the 
order which was given for them to keep, since they are fettered in the bonds of the archons, which 
are on them securely. 

The whole establishment of matter is divided into three. The strong powers which the spiritual 
Logos brought forth from fantasy and arrogance, he established in the first spiritual rank. Then 
those (powers) which these produced by their lust for power, he set in the middle area, since they 
are powers of ambition, so that they might exercise dominion and give commands with 
compulsion and force to the establishment which is beneath them. Those which came into being 
through envy and jealousy, and all the other offspring from dispositions of this sort, he set in a 
servile order controlling the extremities, commanding all those which exist and all (the realm of) 
generation, from whom come rapidly destroying illnesses, who eagerly desire begetting, who are 
something in the place where they are from and to which they will return. And therefore, he 
appointed over them authoritative powers, acting continuously on matter, in order that the 
offspring of those which exist might also exist continuously. For this is their glory. 

Part II 

11. The Creation of Material Humanity 

The matter which flows through its form (is) a cause by which the invisibility which exists 
through the powers [...] for them all, for [...], as they beget before them and destroy. 



54 



The thought which is set between those of the right and those of the left is a power of begetting. 
All those which the first ones will wish to make, so to speak, a projection of theirs, like a shadow 
cast from and following a body, those things which are the roots of the visible creations, namely, 
the entire preparation of the adornment of the images and representations and likenesses, have 
come into being because of those who need education and teaching and formation, so that the 
smallness might grow, little by little, as through a mirror image. For it was for this reason that he 
created mankind at the end, having first prepared and provided for him the things which he had 
created for his sake. 

Like that of all else is the creation of mankind as well. The spiritual Logos moved him invisibly, as 
he perfected him through the Demiurge and his angelic servants, who shared in the act of 
fashioning in multitudes, when he took counsel with his archons. Like a shadow is earthly man, so 
that he might be like those who are cut off from the Totalities. Also he is something prepared by 
all of them, those of the right and those of the left, since each one in the orders gives a form to the 
[...] in which it exists. 

The [...] which the Logos who was defective brought forth, who was in the sickness, did not 
resemble him, because he brought it forth forgetfully, ignorantly, and defectively, and in all the 
other weak ways, although the Logos gave the first form through the Demiurge out of ignorance, 
so that he would learn that the exalted one exists, and would know that he needs him. This is 
what the prophet called "Living Spirit" and "Breath of the exalted aeons" and "the Invisible," and 
this is the living soul which has given life to the power which was dead at first. For that which is 
dead is ignorance. 

It is fitting that we explain about the soul of the first human being, that it is from the spiritual 
Logos, while the creator thinks that it is his, since it is from him, as from a mouth through which 
one breathes. The creator also sent down souls from his substance, since he, too, has a power of 
procreation, because he is something which has come into being from the representation of the 
Father. Also those of the left brought forth, as it were, men of their own, since they have the 
likeness of <being>. 

The spiritual substance is a single thing and a single representation, and its weakness is the 
determination in many forms. As for the substance of the psychics, its determination is double, 
since it has the knowledge and the confession of the exalted one, and it is not inclined to evil, 
because of the inclination of the thought. As for the material substance, its way is different and in 
many forms, and it was a weakness which existed in many types of inclination. 

The first human being is a mixed formation, and a mixed creation, and a deposit of those of the 
left and those of the right, and a spiritual word whose attention is divided between each of the 
two substances from which he takes his being. Therefore, it is said that a paradise was planted for 
him, so that he might eat of the food of three kinds of tree, since it is a garden of the threefold 
order, and since it is that which gives enjoyment. 

The noble elect substance which is in him was more exalted. It created and it did not wound them. 
Therefore they issued a command, making a threat and bringing upon him a great danger, which 
is death. Only the enjoyment of the things which are evil did he allow him to taste, and from the 
other tree with the double (fruit) he did not allow him to eat, much less from the tree of life, so 
that they would not acquire honor [...] them, and so that they would not be [...] by the evil power 
which is called "the serpent." And he is more cunning than all the evil powers. He led man astray 
through the determination of those things which belong to the thought and the desires. <He> 
made him transgress the command, so that he would die. And he was expelled from every 
enjoyment of that place. 

This is the expulsion which was made for him, when he was expelled from the enjoyments of the 
things which belong to the likeness and those of the representation. It was a work of providence, 
so that it might be found that it is a short time until man will receive the enjoyment of the things 
which are eternally good, in which is the place of rest. This the spirit ordained when he first 
planned that man should experience the great evil, which is death, that is complete ignorance of 
the Totality, and that he should experience all the evils which come from this and, after the 



55 



deprivations and cares which are in these, that he should receive of the greatest good, which is life 
eternal, that is, firm knowledge of the Totalities and the reception of all good things. Because of 
the transgression of the first man, death ruled. It was accustomed to slay every man in the 
manifestation of its domination, which had been given it as a kingdom because of the organization 
of the Father's will, of which we spoke previously. 

Part III 

12. The Variety of Theologies 

If both the orders, those on the right and those on the left, are brought together with one another 
by the thought which is set between them, which gives them their organization with each other, it 
happens that they both act with the same emulation of their deeds, with those of the right 
resembling those of the left, and those of the left resembling those of the right. And if at times the 
evil order begins to do evil in a foolish way, the <wise> order emulates, in the form of a man of 
violence, also doing what is evil, as if it were a power of a man of violence. At other times the 
foolish order attempts to do good, making itself like it, since the hidden order, too, is zealous to do 
it. Just as it is in the things which are established, so (it is) in the things which have come to be. 
Since they bring things unlike one another, those who were not instructed were unable to know 
the cause of the things which exist. Therefore, they have introduced other types (of explanation), 
some saying that it is according to providence that the things which exist have their being. These 
are the people who observe the stability and the conformity of the movement of creation. Others 
say that it is something alien. These are people who observe the diversity and the lawlessness and 
the evil of the powers. Others say that the things which exist are what is destined to happen. 
These are the people who were occupied with this matter. Others say that it is something in 
accordance with nature. Others say that it is a self-existent. The majority, however, all who have 
reached as far as the visible elements, do not know anything more than them. 

Those who were wise among the Greeks and the barbarians have advanced to the powers which 
have come into being by way of imagination and vain thought. Those who have come from these, 
in accord with the mutual conflict and rebellious manner active in them, also spoke in a likely, 
arrogant and imaginary way concerning the things which they thought of as wisdom, although 
the likeness deceived them, since they thought that they had attained the truth, when they had 
(only) attained error. (They did so) not simply in minor appellations, but the powers themselves 
seem to hinder them, as if they were the Totality. Therefore, the order was caught up in fighting 
itself alone, because of the arrogant hostility of one of the offspring of the archon who is superior, 
who exists before him. Therefore, nothing was in agreement with its fellows, nothing, neither 
philosophy nor types of medicine nor types of rhetoric nor types of music nor types of logic, but 
they are opinions and theories. Ineff ability held sway in confusion, because of the indescribable 
quality of those who hold sway, who give them thoughts. 

Now, as for the things which came forth from the <race> of the Hebrews, things which are written 
by the hylics who speak in the fashion of the Greeks, the powers of those who think about all of 
them, so to speak, the "right ones," the powers which move them all to think of words and a 
representation, they <brought> them, and they grasped so as to attain the truth and used the 
confused powers which act in them. Afterwards they attained to the order of the unmixed ones, 
the one which is established, the unity which exists as a representation of the representation of the 
Father. It is not invisible in its nature, but a wisdom envelops it, so that it might preserve the form 
of the truly invisible one. Therefore, many angels have not been able to see it. Also, other men of 
the Hebrew race, of whom we already spoke, namely the righteous ones and the prophets, did not 
think of anything and did not say anything from imagination or through a likeness or from 
esoteric thinking, but each one by the power which was at work in him, and while listening to the 
things which he saw and heard, spoke of them in [...]. They have a unified harmony with one 
another after the manner of those who worked in them, since they preserve the connection and the 
mutual harmony primarily by the confession of the one more exalted than they. And there is one 
who is greater than they, who was appointed since they have need of him, and whom the spiritual 



5E 



Logos begot along with them as one who needs the exalted one, in hope and expectation in accord 
with the thought which is the seed of salvation. And he is an illuminating word, which consists of 
the thought and his offspring and his emanations. Since the righteous ones and the prophets, 
whom we have previously mentioned, preserve the confession and the testimony concerning the 
one who is great, made by their fathers who were looking for the hope and the hearing, in them is 
sown the seed of prayer and the searching, which is sown in many who have searched for 
strengthening. It appears and draws them to love the exalted one, to proclaim these things as 
pertaining to a unity. And it was a unity which worked in them when they spoke. Their vision 
and their words do not differ because of the multitude of those who have given them the vision 
and the word. Therefore, those who have listened to what they have said concerning this do not 
reject any of it, but have accepted the scriptures in an altered way. By interpreting them, they 
established many heresies which exist to the present among the Jews. Some say that God is one, 
who made a proclamation in the ancient scriptures. Others say that he is many. Some say that God 
is simple and was a single mind in nature. Others say that his activity is linked with the 
establishment of good and evil. Still others say that he is the creator of that which has come into 
being. Still others say that it was by the angels that he created. 

The multitude of ideas of this sort is the multitude of forms and the abundance of types of 
scripture, that which produced their teachers of the Law. The prophets, however, did not say 
anything of their own accord, but each one of them (spoke) of the things which he had seen and 
heard through the proclamation of the Savior. This is what he proclaimed, with the main subject 
of their proclamation being that which each said concerning the coming of the Savior, which is 
this coming. Sometimes the prophets speak about it as if it will be. Sometimes (it is) as if the Savior 
speaks from their mouths, saying that the Savior will come and show favor to those who have not 
known him. They have not all joined with one another in confessing anything, but each one, on 
the basis of the thing from which he received power to speak about him, and on the basis of the 
place which he saw, thinks that it is from it that he will be begotten, and that he will come from 
that place. Not one of them knew whence he would come nor by whom he would be begotten, but 
he alone is the one of whom it is worthy to speak, the one who will be begotten and will suffer. 
Concerning that which he previously was and that which he is eternally - an unbegotten, 
impassible one from the Logos, who came into being in flesh - he did not come into their thought. 
And this is the account which they received an impulse to give concerning his flesh which was to 
appear. They say that it is a production from all of them, but that before all things it is from the 
spiritual Logos, who is the cause of the things which have come into being, from whom the Savior 
received his flesh. He had conceived <it> at the revelation of the light, according to the word of 
the promise, at his revelation from the seminal state. For the one who exists is not a seed of the 
things which exist, since he was begotten at the end. But to the one by whom the Father ordained 
the manifestation of salvation, who is the fulfillment of the promise, to him belonged all these 
instruments for entry into life, through which he descended. His Father is one, and alone is truly a 
father to him, the invisible, unknowable, the incomprehensible in his nature, who alone is God in 
his will and his form, who has granted that he might be seen, known, and comprehended. 

13. The Incarnate Savior and his Companions 

He it is who was our Savior in willing compassion, who is that which they were. For it was for 
their sake that he became manifest in an involuntary suffering. They became flesh and soul, that 
is, eternally which (things) hold them and with corruptible things they die. And as for those who 
came into being, the invisible one taught them invisibly about himself. 

Not only did he take upon <himself> the death of those whom he thought to save, but he also 
accepted their smallness to which they had descended when they were <born> in body and soul. 
(He did so) because he had let himself be conceived and born as an infant, in body and soul. 

Among all the others who shared in them, and those who fell and received the light, he came into 
being exalted, because he had let himself be conceived without sin, stain and defilement. He was 
begotten in life, being in life because the former and the latter are in passion and changing opinion 



57 



from the Logos who moved, who established them to be body and soul. He it is <who> has taken 
to himself the one who came from those whom we previously mentioned. 

He came into being from the glorious vision and the unchanging thought of the Logos who 
returned to himself, after his movement, from the organization, just as those who came with him 
took body and soul and a confirmation and stability and judgment of things. They too intended to 
come. 

When they thought of the Savior they came, and they came when he knew; they also came more 
exalted in the emanation according to the flesh than those who had been brought forth from a 
defect, because in this way they, too, received their bodily emanation, along with the body of the 
Savior, through the revelation and the mingling with him. These others were those of one 
substance, and it indeed is the spiritual (substance). The organization is different. This is one 
thing, that is another. Some come forth from passion and division, needing healing. Others are 
from prayer, so that they heal the sick, when they have been appointed to treat those who have 
fallen. These are the apostles and the evangelists. They are the disciples of the Savior, and teachers 
who need instruction. Why, then, did they, too, share in the passions in which those who have 
been brought forth from passion share, if indeed they are bodily productions in accordance with 
the organization and <the> Savior, who did not share in the passions? 

The Savior was an image of the unitary one, he who is the Totality in bodily form. Therefore, he 
preserved the form of indivisibility, from which comes impassability. They, however, are images 
of each thing which became manifest. Therefore, they assume division from the pattern, having 
taken form for the planting which exists beneath the heaven. This also is what shares in the evil 
which exists in the places which they have reached. For the will held the Totality under sin, so that 
by that will he might have mercy on the Totality and they might be saved, while a single one alone 
is appointed to give life, and all the rest need salvation. Therefore, it was from (reasons) of this 
sort that it began to receive grace to give the honors which were proclaimed by Jesus, which were 
suitable for him to proclaim to the rest, since a seed of the promise of Jesus Christ was set up, 
whom we have served in (his) revelation and union. Now the promise possessed the instruction 
and the return to what they are from the first, from which they possess the drop, so as to return to 
him, which is that which is called "the redemption." And it is the release from the captivity and 
the acceptance of freedom. In its places, the captivity of those who were slaves of ignorance holds 
sway. The freedom is the knowledge of the truth which existed before the ignorance was ruling, 
forever without beginning and without end, being something good, and a salvation of things, and 
a release from the servile nature in which they have suffered. 

Those who have been brought forth in a lowly thought of vanity, that is, (a thought) which goes to 
things which are evil through the thought which draws them down to the lust for power, these 
have received the possession which is freedom, from the abundance of the grace which looked 
upon the children. It was, however, a disturbance of the passion and a destruction of those things 
which he cast off from himself at first, when the Logos separated them from himself, (the Logos) 
who was the cause of their being destined for destruction, though he kept <them> at <the> end of 
the organization and allowed them to exist because even they were useful for the things which 
were ordained. 

14. The Tripartition of Mankind 

Mankind came to be in three essential types, the spiritual, the psychic, and the material, 
conforming to the triple disposition of the Logos, from which were brought forth the material ones 
and the psychic ones and the spiritual ones. Each of the three essential types is known by its fruit. 
And they were not known at first but only at the coming of the Savior, who shone upon the saints 
and revealed what each was. 

The spiritual race, being like light from light and like spirit from spirit, when its head appeared, it 
ran toward him immediately. It immediately became a body of its head. It suddenly received 
knowledge in the revelation. The psychic race is like light from a fire, since it hesitated to accept 
knowledge of him who appeared to it. (It hesitated) even more to run toward him in faith. Rather, 



58 



through a voice it was instructed, and this was sufficient, since it is not far from the hope 
according to the promise, since it received, so to speak as a pledge, the assurance of the things 
which were to be. The material race, however, is alien in every way; since it is dark, it shuns the 
shining of the light, because its appearance destroys it. And since it has not received its unity, it is 
something excessive and hateful toward the Lord at his revelation. 

The spiritual race will receive complete salvation in every way. The material will receive 
destruction in every way, just as one who resists him. The psychic race, since it is in the middle 
when it is brought forth and also when it is created, is double according to its determination for 
both good and evil. It takes its appointed departure suddenly and its complete escape to those 
who are good. Those whom the Logos brought forth in accordance with the first element of his 
thought, when he remembered the exalted one and prayed for salvation, have salvation suddenly. 
They will be saved completely because of the salvific thought. As he was brought forth, so, too, 
were these brought forth from him, whether angels or men. In accordance with the confession that 
there is one who is more exalted than themselves, and in accordance with the prayer and the 
search for him, they also will attain the salvation of those who have been brought forth, since they 
are from the disposition which is good. They were appointed for service in proclaiming the 
coming of the Savior who was to be and his revelation which had come. Whether angels or men, 
when he was sent as a service to them, they received, in fact, the essence of their being. Those, 
however, who are from the thought of lust for power, who have come into being from the blow of 
those who fight against him, those whom the thought brought forth, from these, since they are 
mixed, they will receive their end suddenly. Those who will be brought forth from the lust for 
power which is given to them for a time and for certain periods, and who will give glory to the 
Lord of glory, and who will relinquish their wrath, they will receive the reward for their humility, 
which is to remain forever. Those, however, who are proud because of the desire of ambition, and 
who love temporary glory, and who forget that it was only for certain periods and times which 
they have that they were entrusted with power, and for this reason did not acknowledge that the 
Son of God is the Lord of all and Savior, and were not brought out of wrath and the resemblance 
to the evil ones, they will receive judgment for their ignorance and their senselessness, which is 
suffering, along with those who went astray, anyone of them who turned away; and even more 
(for) wickedness in doing to the Lord things which were not fitting, which the powers of the left 
did to him, even including his death. They persevered saying, "We shall become rulers of the 
universe, if the one who has been proclaimed king of the universe is slain," (they said this) when 
they labored to do this, namely the men and angels who are not from the good disposition of the 
right ones but from the mixture. And they first chose for themselves honor, though it was only a 
temporary wish and desire, while the path to eternal rest is by way of humility for salvation of 
those who will be saved, those of the right ones. After they confess the Lord and the thought of 
that which is pleasing to the church and the song of those who are humble along with her to the 
full extent possible, in that which is pleasing to do for her, in sharing in her sufferings and her 
pains in the manner of those who understand what is good for the church, they will have a share 
in her hope. This is to be said on the subject of how men and angels who are from the order of the 
left have a path to error: not only did they deny the Lord and plot evil against him, but also 
toward the Church did they direct their hatred and envy and jealousy; and this is the reason for 
the condemnation of those who have moved and have aroused themselves for the trials of the 
Church. 

15. The Process of Restoration 

The election shares body and essence with the Savior, since it is like a bridal chamber because of 
its unity and its agreement with him. For, before every place, the Christ came for her sake. The 
calling, however, has the place of those who rejoice at the bridal chamber, and who are glad and 
happy at the union of the bridegroom and the bride. The place which the calling will have is the 
aeon of the images, where the Logos has not yet joined with the Pleroma. And since the man of the 
Church was happy and glad at this, as he was hoping for it, he separated spirit, soul, and body in 
the organization of the one who thinks that he is a unity, though within him is the man who is the 



59 



Totality - and he is all of them. And, though he has the escape from the [...] which the places will 
receive, he also has the members about which we spoke earlier. When the redemption was 
proclaimed, the perfect man received knowledge immediately, so as to return in haste to his 
unitary state, to the place from which he came, to return there joyfully, to the place from which he 
came, to the place from which he flowed forth. His members, however, needed a place of 
instruction, which is in the places which are adorned, so that they might receive from them 
resemblance to the images and archetypes, like a mirror, until all the members of the body of the 
Church are in a single place and receive the restoration at one time, when they have been 
manifested as the whole body, namely the restoration into the Pleroma. It has a preliminary 
concord with a mutual agreement, which is the concord which belongs to the Father, until the 
Totalities receive a countenance in accordance with him. The restoration is at the end, after the 
Totality reveals what it is, the Son, who is the redemption, that is, the path toward the 
incomprehensible Father, that is, the return to the pre-existent, and (after) the Totalities reveal 
themselves in that one, in the proper way, who is the inconceivable one and the ineffable one, and 
the invisible one and the incomprehensible one, so that it receives redemption. It was not only 
release from the domination of the left ones, nor was it only escape from the power of those of the 
right, to each of which we thought that were slaves and sons, from whom none escapes without 
quickly becoming theirs again, but the redemption also is an ascent to the degrees which are in the 
Pleroma and to those who have named themselves and who conceive of themselves according to 
the power of each of the aeons, and (it is) an entrance into what is silent, where there is no need 
for voice nor for knowing, nor for forming a concept, nor for illumination, but (where) all things 
are light, while they do not need to be illumined. 

Not only do humans need redemption, but also the angels, too, need redemption, along with the 
image and the rest of the Pleromas of the aeons and the wondrous powers of illumination. So that 
we might not be in doubt in regard to the others, even the Son himself, who has the position of 
redeemer of the Totality, needed redemption as well, - he who had become man, - since he gave 
himself for each thing which we need, we in the flesh, who are his Church. Now, when he first 
received redemption from the word which had descended upon him, all the rest received 
redemption from him, namely those who had taken him to themselves. For those who received the 
one who had received (redemption) also received what was in him. 

Among the men who are in the flesh redemption began to be given, his first-born, and his love, 
the Son who was incarnate, while the angels who are in heaven asked to associate, so that they 
might form an association with him upon the earth. Therefore, he is called "the Redemption of the 
angels of the Father," he who comforted those who were laboring under the Totality for his 
knowledge, because he was given the grace before anyone else. 

The Father had foreknowledge of him, since he was in his thought before anything came into 
being, and since he had those to whom he has revealed him. He set the deficiency on the one who 
remains for certain periods and times, as a glory for his Pleroma, since the fact that he is unknown 
is a cause of his production from his agreement [...] of him. Just as reception of knowledge of him 
is a manifestation of his lack of envy and the revelation of the abundance of his sweetness, which 
is the second glory, so, too, he has been found to be a cause of ignorance, although he is also a 
begetter of knowledge. 

In a hidden and incomprehensible wisdom he kept the knowledge to the end, until the Totalities 
became weary while searching for God the Father, whom no one found through his own wisdom 
or power. He gives himself, so that they might receive knowledge of the abundant thought about 
his great glory, which he has given, and (about) the cause, which he has given, which is his 
unceasing thanksgiving, he who, from the immobility of his counsel, reveals himself eternally to 
those who have been worthy of the Father, who is unknown in his nature, so that they might 
receive knowledge of him, through his desire that they should come to experience the ignorance 
and its pains. 

Those of whom he first thought that they should attain knowledge and the good things which are 
in it, they were planning - which is the wisdom of the Father, - that they might experience the evil 
things and might train themselves in them, as a [...] for a time, so that they might receive the 



BO 



enjoyment of good things for eternity. They hold change and persistent renunciation and the cause 
of those who fight against them as an adornment and marvelous quality of those who are exalted, 
so that it is manifest that the ignorance of those who will be ignorant of the Father was something 
of their own. He who gave them knowledge of him was one of his powers for enabling them to 
grasp that knowledge in the fullest sense is called "the knowledge of all that which is thought of" 
and "the treasure" and "the addition for the increase of knowledge," "the revelation of those things 
which were known at first," and "the path toward harmony and toward the pre-existent one," 
which is the increase of those who have abandoned the greatness which was theirs in the 
organization of the will, so that the end might be like the beginning. 

As for the baptism which exists in the fullest sense, into which the Totalities will descend and in 
which they will be, there is no other baptism apart from this one alone, which is the redemption 
into God, Father, Son and Holy Spirit, when confession is made through faith in those names, 
which are a single name of the gospel, when they have come to believe what has been said to 
them, namely that they exist. From this they have their salvation, those who have believed that 
they exist. This is attaining in an invisible way to the Father, Son, and Holy Spirit in an 
undoubting faith. And when they have borne witness to them, it is also with a firm hope that they 
attained them, so that the return to them might become the perfection of those who have believed 
in them and (so that) the Father might be one with them, the Father, the God, whom they have 
confessed in faith and who gave (them) their union with him in knowledge. 

The baptism which we previously mentioned is called "garment of those who do not strip 
themselves of it," for those who will put it on and those who have received redemption wear it. It 
is also called "the confirmation of the truth which has no fall." In an unwavering and immovable 
way it grasps those who have received the restoration while they grasp it. (Baptism) is called 
"silence" because of the quiet and the tranquility. It is also called "bridal chamber" because of the 
agreement and the indivisible state of those who know they have known him. It is also called "the 
light which does not set and is without flame," since it does not give light, but those who have 
worn it are made into light. They are the ones whom he wore. (Baptism) is also called "the eternal 
life," which is immortality; and it is called "that which is, entirely, simply, in the proper sense, 
what is pleasing, inseparably and irremovably and faultlessly and imperturbably, for the one who 
exists for those who have received a beginning." For, what else is there to name it apart from 
"God," since it is the Totalities, that is, even if it is given numberless names, they are spoken 
simply as a reference to it. Just as he transcends every word, and he transcends every voice, and 
he transcends every mind, and he transcends everything, and he transcends every silence, so it is 
Dittography with those who are that which he is. This is that which they find it to be, ineffably and 
inconceivably in (its) visage, for the coming into being in those who know, through him whom 
they have comprehended, who is the one to whom they gave glory. 

16. Redemption of the Calling 

Even if on the matter of the election there are many more things for us to say, as it is fitting to say, 
nonetheless, on the matter of those of the calling - for those of the right are so named - it is 
necessary for us to return once again to them, and it is not profitable for us to forget them. We 
have spoken about them, - If there is enough in what preceded at some length, how have we 
spoken? In a partial way, - since I said about all those who came forth from the Logos, either from 
the judgment of the evil ones or from the wrath which fights against them and the turning away 
from them, which is the return to the exalted ones, or from the prayer and the remembrance of 
those who pre-existed, or from hope and faith that they would receive their salvation from good 
work, since they have been deemed worthy because they are beings from the good dispositions, 
(that) they have cause of their begetting which is an opinion from the one who exists. Still further 
(I said) that before the Logos concerned himself with them in an invisible way, willingly, the 
exalted one added to this thought, because they were in need of him, who was the cause of their 
being. They did not exalt themselves when they were saved, as if there were nothing existing 
before them, but they confess that they have a beginning to their existence, and they desire this: to 



El 



know him who exists before them. Most of all (I said) that they worshipped the revelation of the 
light in the form of lightning, and they bore witness that it appeared as <their> salvation. 

Not only those who have come forth from the Logos, about whom alone we said that they would 
accomplish the good work, but also those whom these brought forth according to the good 
dispositions will share in the repose according to the abundance of the grace. Also those who have 
been brought forth from the desire of lust for power, having the seed in them which is the lust for 
power, will receive the reward for (their) good deeds, namely those who acted and those who 
have the predisposition toward the good, if they intentionally desire and wish to abandon the 
vain, temporal ambition, and they keep the commandment of the Lord of glory, instead of the 
momentary honor, and inherit the eternal kingdom. 

Now, it is necessary that we unite the causes and the effects on them of the grace and the 
impulses, since it is fitting that we say what we mentioned previously about the salvation of all 
those of the right, of all those unmixed and those mixed, to join them with one another. And as for 
the repose, which is the revelation of the form <in> which they believed, (it is necessary) that we 
should treat it with a suitable discussion. For when we confessed the kingdom which is in Christ, 
<we> escaped from the whole multiplicity of forms, and from inequality and change. For the end 
will receive a unitary existence, just as the beginning is unitary, where there is no male nor female, 
nor slave and free, nor circumcision and uncircumcision, neither angel nor man, but Christ is all in 
all. What is the form of the one who did not exist at first? It will be found that he will exist. And 
what is the nature of the one who was a slave? He will take a place with a free man. For they will 
receive the vision more and more by nature and not only by a little word, so as to believe, only 
through a voice, that this is the way it is, that the restoration to that which used to be is a unity. 
Even if some are exalted because of the organization, since they have been appointed as causes of 
the things which have come into being, since they are more active as natural forces, and since they 
are desired because of these things, angels and men will receive the kingdom and the confirmation 
and the salvation. These, then, are the causes. 

About the <one> who appeared in flesh, they believed without any doubt that he is the Son of the 
unknown God, who was not previously spoken of, and who could not be seen. They abandoned 
their gods whom they had previously worshipped, and the lords who are in heaven and on earth. 
Before he had taken them up, and while he was still a child, they testified that he had already 
begun to preach. And when he was in the tomb as a dead man the angels thought that he was 
alive, receiving life from the one who had died. They first desired their numerous services and 
wonders, which were in the temple on their behalf, to be performed continuously <as> the 
confession. That is, it can be done on their behalf through their approach to him. 

That preparation which they did not accept, they rejected, because of the one who had not been 
sent from that place, but they granted to Christ, of whom they thought that he exists in that place 
from which they had come along with him, a place of gods and lords whom they served, 
worshipped, and ministered to, in the names which they had received on loan. - They were given 
to the one who is designated by them properly. - However, after his assumption, they had the 
experience to know that he is their Lord, over whom no one else is lord. They gave him their 
kingdoms; they rose from their thrones; they were kept from their crowns. He, however, revealed 
himself to them, for the reasons which we have already spoken of: their salvation and the return to 
a good thought until [...] companion and the angels [...], and the abundance of good which they 
did with it. Thus, they were entrusted with the services which benefit the elect, bringing their 
iniquity up to heaven. They tested them eternally for the lack of humility from the inerrancy of the 
creation, continuing on their behalf until all come to life and leave life, while their bodies remain 
on earth, serving all their [...], sharing with them in their sufferings and persecutions and 
tribulations, which were brought upon the saints in every place. 

As for the servants of the evil <one>, though evil is worthy of destruction, they are in [...]. But 
because of the [...] which is above all the worlds, which is their good thought and the fellowship, 
the Church will remember them as good friends and faithful servants, once she has received 
redemption from the one who gives requital. Then the grace which is in the bridal chamber and 
[...] in her house [...] in this thought of the giving and the one who [...] Christ is the one with her 



EE 



and the expectation of the Father of the Totality, since she will produce for them angels as guides 
and servants. 

They will think pleasant thoughts. They are services for her. She will give them their requital for 
all that which the aeons will think about. He is an emanation from them, so that, just as Christ did 
his will which he brought forth and exalted the greatnesses of the Church and gave them to her, so 
will she be a thought for these. And to men he gives their eternal dwelling places, in which they 
will dwell, leaving behind the attraction toward the defect, while the power of the Pleroma pulls 
them up in the greatness of the generosity and the sweetness of the aeon which pre-exists. This is 
the nature of the entire begetting of those whom he had when he shone on them in a light which 
he revealed [...]. Just as his [...] which will be [...], so too his lord, while the change alone is in those 
who have changed. 

(6 lines missing) 

... which [...] by him [...] said, while the hylics will remain until the end for destruction, since they 
will not give forth for their names, if they would return once again to that which will not be. As 
they were [...] they were not [...] but they were of use (in the) time that they were (in it) among 
them, although they were not [...] at first. If [...] to do something else concerning the control which 
they have of the preparation, [...] before them. - For though I continually use these words, I have 
not understood his meaning. - Some elders [...] him greatness. 

(6 lines missing) 

... all [...] angels [...] word and the sound of a trumpet, he will proclaim the great complete amnesty 
from the beauteous east, in the bridal chamber, which is the love of God the Father [...], according 
to the power which [...] of the greatness [...], the sweetness of the [...] of him, since he reveals 
himself to the greatnesses [...] his goodness [...] the praise, the dominion, and the glory through 
[...] the Lord, the Savior, the Redeemer of all those belonging to the one filled with Love, through 
his Holy Spirit, from now through all generations forever and ever. Amen. 



E3 



The Apocryphon of John 



CODEX II 

Translated by Frederik Wisse 

Selection made from James M. Robinson, ed., The Nag Hammadi Library, revised edition. HarperCollins, San Francisco, 1990. 

The teaching of the savior, and the revelation of the mysteries and the things hidden in silence, 
even these things which he taught John, his disciple. 

And it happened one day, when John, the brother of James - who are the sons of Zebedee - had 
come up to the temple, that a Pharisee named Arimanius approached him and said to him, "Where 
is your master whom you followed?" And he said to him, "He has gone to the place from which he 
came." The Pharisee said to him, "With deception did this Nazarene deceive you (pi.), and he filled 
your ears with lies, and closed your hearts (and) turned you from the traditions of your fathers." 

When I, John, heard these things I turned away from the temple to a desert place. And I grieved 
greatly in my heart, saying, "How then was the savior appointed, and why was he sent into the 
world by his Father, and who is his Father who sent him, and of what sort is that aeon to which 
we shall go? For what did he mean when he said to us, 'This aeon to which you will go is of the 
type of the imperishable aeon, but he did not teach us concerning the latter, of what sort it is." 

Straightway, while I was contemplating these things, behold, the heavens opened and the whole 
creation which is below heaven shone, and the world was shaken. I was afraid, and behold I saw 
in the light a youth who stood by me. While I looked at him, he became like an old man. And he 
changed his likeness (again), becoming like a servant. There was not a plurality before me, but 
there was a likeness with multiple forms in the light, and the likenesses appeared through each 
other, and the likeness had three forms. 

He said to me, "John, John, why do you doubt, or why are you afraid? You are not unfamiliar with 
this image, are you? - that is, do not be timid! - 1 am the one who is with you (pi.) always. I am the 
Father, I am the Mother, I am the Son. I am the undefiled and incorruptible one. Now I have come 
to teach you what is and what was and what will come to pass, that you may know the things 
which are not revealed and those which are revealed, and to teach you concerning the unwavering 
race of the perfect Man. Now, therefore, lift up your face, that you may receive the things that I 
shall teach you today, and may tell them to your fellow spirits who are from the unwavering race 
of the perfect Man." 

And I asked to know it, and he said to me, "The Monad is a monarchy with nothing above it. It is 
he who exists as God and Father of everything, the invisible One who is above everything, who 
exists as incorruption, which is in the pure light into which no eye can look. 

"He is the invisible Spirit, of whom it is not right to think of him as a god, or something similar. 
For he is more than a god, since there is nothing above him, for no one lords it over him. For he 
does not exist in something inferior to him, since everything exists in him. For it is he who 
establishes himself. He is eternal, since he does not need anything. For he is total perfection. He 
did not lack anything, that he might be completed by it; rather he is always completely perfect in 
light. He is illimitable, since there is no one prior to him to set limits to him. He is unsearchable, 
since there exists no one prior to him to examine him. He is immeasurable, since there was no one 
prior to him to measure him. He is invisible, since no one saw him. He is eternal, since he exists 
eternally. He is ineffable, since no one was able to comprehend him to speak about him. He is 
unnameable, since there is no one prior to him to give him a name. 

"He is immeasurable light, which is pure, holy (and) immaculate. He is ineffable, being perfect in 
incorruptibility. (He is) not in perfection, nor in blessedness, nor in divinity, but he is far superior. 
He is not corporeal nor is he incorporeal. He is neither large nor is he small. There is no way to 
say, What is his quantity?' or, What is his quality?', for no one can know him. He is not someone 
among (other) beings, rather he is far superior. Not that he is (simply) superior, but his essence 
does not partake in the aeons nor in time. For he who partakes in an aeon was prepared 



64 



beforehand. Time was not apportioned to him, since he does not receive anything from another, 
for it would be received on loan. For he who precedes someone does not lack, that he may receive 
from him. For rather, it is the latter that looks expectantly at him in his light. 

"For the perfection is majestic. He is pure, immeasurable mind. He is an aeon-giving aeon. He is 
life-giving life. He is a blessedness-giving blessed one. He is knowledge-giving knowledge. He is 
goodness-giving goodness. He is mercy and redemption-giving mercy. He is grace-giving grace, 
not because he possesses it, but because he gives the immeasurable, incomprehensible light. 

"How am I to speak with you about him? His aeon is indestructible, at rest and existing in silence, 
reposing (and) being prior to everything. For he is the head of all the aeons, and it is he who gives 
them strength in his goodness. For we know not the ineffable things, and we do not understand 
what is immeasurable, except for him who came forth from him, namely (from) the Father. For it 
is he who told it to us alone. For it is he who looks at himself in his light which surrounds him, 
namely the spring of the water of life. And it is he who gives to all the aeons and in every way, 
(and) who gazes upon his image which he sees in the spring of the Spirit. It is he who puts his 
desire in his water-light which is in the spring of the pure light-water which surrounds him. 

"And his thought performed a deed and she came forth, namely she who had appeared before him 
in the shine of his light. This is the first power which was before all of them (and) which came 
forth from his mind, She is the forethought of the All - her light shines like his light - the perfect 
power which is the image of the invisible, virginal Spirit who is perfect. The first power, the glory 
of Barbelo, the perfect glory in the aeons, the glory of the revelation, she glorified the virginal 
Spirit and it was she who praised him, because thanks to him she had come forth. This is the first 
thought, his image; she became the womb of everything, for it is she who is prior to them all, the 
Mother-Father, the first man, the holy Spirit, the thrice-male, the thrice-powerful, the thrice- 
named androgynous one, and the eternal aeon among the invisible ones, and the first to come 
forth. 

"<She> requested from the invisible, virginal Spirit - that is Barbelo - to give her foreknowledge. 
And the Spirit consented. And when he had consented, the foreknowledge came forth, and it 
stood by the forethought; it originates from the thought of the invisible, virginal Spirit. It glorified 
him and his perfect power, Barbelo, for it was for her sake that it had come into being. 

"And she requested again to grant her indestructibility, and he consented. When he had 
consented, indestructibility came forth, and it stood by the thought and the foreknowledge. It 
glorified the invisible One and Barbelo, the one for whose sake they had come into being. 

"And Barbelo requested to grant her eternal life. And the invisible Spirit consented. And when he 
had consented, eternal life came forth, and they attended and glorified the invisible Spirit and 
Barbelo, the one for whose sake they had come into being. 

"And she requested again to grant her truth. And the invisible Spirit consented. And when he had 
consented, truth came forth, and they attended and glorified the invisible, excellent Spirit and his 
Barbelo, the one for whose sake they had come into being. 

"This is the pentad of the aeons of the Father, which is the first man, the image of the invisible 
Spirit; it is the forethought, which Barbelo, and the thought, and the foreknowledge, and the 
indestructibility, and the eternal life, and the truth. This is the androgynous pentad of the aeons, 
which is the decad of the aeons, which is the Father. 

"And he looked at Barbelo with the pure light which surrounds the invisible Spirit, and (with) his 
spark, and she conceived from him. He begot a spark of light with a light resembling blessedness. 
But it does not equal his greatness. This was an only-begotten child of the Mother-Father which 
had come forth; it is the only offspring, the only-begotten one of the Father, the pure Light. 

"And the invisible, virginal Spirit rejoiced over the light which came forth, that which was brought 
forth first by the first power of his forethought, which is Barbelo. And he anointed it with his 
goodness until it became perfect, not lacking in any goodness, because he had anointed it with the 
goodness of the invisible Spirit. And it attended him as he poured upon it. And immediately when 



E5 



it had received from the Spirit, it glorified the holy Spirit and the perfect forethought, for whose 
sake it had come forth. 

"And it requested to give it a fellow worker, which is the mind, and he consented gladly. And 
when the invisible Spirit had consented, the mind came forth, and it attended Christ, glorifying 
him and Barbelo. And all these came into being in silence. 

"And the mind wanted to perform a deed through the word of the invisible Spirit. And his will 
became a deed and it appeared with the mind; and the light glorified it. And the word followed 
the will. For because of the word, Christ the divine Autogenes created everything. And the eternal 
life <and> his will and the mind and the foreknowledge attended and glorified the invisible Spirit 
and Barbelo, for whose sake they had come into being. 

"And the holy Spirit completed the divine Autogenes, his son, together with Barbelo, that he may 
attend the mighty and invisible, virginal Spirit as the divine Autogenes, the Christ whom he had 
honored with a mighty voice. He came forth through the forethought. And the invisible, virginal 
Spirit placed the divine Autogenes of truth over everything. And he subjected to him every 
authority, and the truth which is in him, that he may know the All which had been called with a 
name exalted above every name. For that name will be mentioned to those who are worthy of it. 

"For from the light, which is the Christ, and the indestructibility, through the gift of the Spirit the 
four lights (appeared) from the divine Autogenes. He expected that they might attend him. And 
the three (are) will, thought, and life. And the four powers (are) understanding, grace, perception, 
and prudence. And grace belongs to the light-aeon Armozel, which is the first angel. And there 
are three other aeons with this aeon: grace, truth, and form. And the second light (is) Oriel, who 
has been placed over the second aeon. And there are three other aeons with him: conception, 
perception, and memory. And the third light is Daveithai, who has been placed over the third 
aeon. And there are three other aeons with him: understanding, love, and idea. And the fourth 
aeon was placed over the fourth light Eleleth. And there are three other aeons with him: 
perfection, peace, and wisdom. These are the four lights which attend the divine Autogenes, (and) 
these are the twelve aeons which attend the son of the mighty one, the Autogenes, the Christ, 
through the will and the gift of the invisible Spirit. And the twelve aeons belong to the son of the 
Autogenes. And all things were established by the will of the holy Spirit through the Autogenes. 

"And from the foreknowledge of the perfect mind, through the revelation of the will of the 
invisible Spirit and the will of the Autogenes, <the> perfect Man (appeared), the first revelation, 
and the truth. It is he whom the virginal Spirit called Pigera-Adamas, and he placed him over the 
first aeon with the mighty one, the Autogenes, the Christ, by the first light Armozel; and with him 
are his powers. And the invisible one gave him a spiritual, invincible power. And he spoke and 
glorified and praised the invisible Spirit, saying, 'It is for thy sake that everything has come into 
being and everything will return to thee. I shall praise and glorify thee and the Autogenes and the 
aeons, the three: the Father, the Mother, and the Son, the perfect power.' 

"And he placed his son Seth over the second aeon in the presence of the second light Oriel. And in 
the third aeon the seed of Seth was placed over the third light Daveithai. And the souls of the 
saints were placed (there). And in the fourth aeon the souls were placed of those who do not know 
the Pleroma and who did not repent at once, but who persisted for a while and repented 
afterwards; they are by the fourth light Eleleth. These are creatures which glorify the invisible 
Spirit. 

"And the Sophia of the Epinoia, being an aeon, conceived a thought from herself and the 
conception of the invisible Spirit and foreknowledge. She wanted to bring forth a likeness out of 
herself without the consent of the Spirit, - he had not approved - and without her consort, and 
without his consideration. And though the person of her maleness had not approved, and she had 
not found her agreement, and she had thought without the consent of the Spirit and the 
knowledge of her agreement, (yet) she brought forth. And because of the invincible power which 
is in her, her thought did not remain idle, and something came out of her which was imperfect 
and different from her appearance, because she had created it without her consort. And it was 
dissimilar to the likeness of its mother, for it has another form. 



BE 



"And when she saw (the consequences of) her desire, it changed into a form of a lion-faced 
serpent. And its eyes were like lightning fires which flash. She cast it away from her, outside that 
place, that no one of the immortal ones might see it, for she had created it in ignorance. And she 
surrounded it with a luminous cloud, and she placed a throne in the middle of the cloud that no 
one might see it except the holy Spirit who is called the mother of the living. And she called his 
name Yaltabaoth. 

"This is the first archon who took a great power from his mother. And he removed himself from 
her and moved away from the places in which he was born. He became strong and created for 
himself other aeons with a flame of luminous fire which (still) exists now. And he joined with his 
arrogance which is in him and begot authorities for himself. The name of the first one is Athoth, 
whom the generations call the reaper. The second one is Harmas, who is the eye of envy. The third 
one is Kalila-Oumbri. The fourth one is Yabel. The fifth one is Adonaiou, who is called Sabaoth. 
The sixth one is Cain, whom the generations of men call the sun. The seventh is Abel. The eighth 
is Abrisene. The ninth is Yobel. The tenth is Armoupieel. The eleventh is Melceir-Adonein. The 
twelfth is Belias, it is he who is over the depth of Hades. And he placed seven kings - each 
corresponding to the firmaments of heaven - over the seven heavens, and five over the depth of 
the abyss, that they may reign. And he shared his fire with them, but he did not send forth from 
the power of the light which he had taken from his mother, for he is ignorant darkness. 

"And when the light had mixed with the darkness, it caused the darkness to shine. And when the 
darkness had mixed with the light, it darkened the light and it became neither light nor dark, but 
it became dim. 

"Now the archon who is weak has three names. The first name is Yaltabaoth, the second is Saklas, 
and the third is Samael. And he is impious in his arrogance which is in him. For he said, 'I am God 
and there is no other God beside me,' for he is ignorant of his strength, the place from which he 
had come. 

"And the archons created seven powers for themselves, and the powers created for themselves six 
angels for each one until they became 365 angels. And these are the bodies belonging with the 
names: the first is Athoth, a he has a sheep's face; the second is Eloaiou, he has a donkey's face; the 
third is Astaphaios, he has a hyena's face; the fourth is Yao, he has a serpent's face with seven 
heads; the fifth is Sabaoth, he has a dragon's face; the sixth is Adonin, he had a monkey's face; the 
seventh is Sabbede, he has a shining fire-face. This is the sevenness of the week. 

"But Yaltabaoth had a multitude of faces, more than all of them, so that he could put a face before 
all of them, according to his desire, when he is in the midst of seraphs. He shared his fire with 
them; therefore he became lord over them. Because of the power of the glory he possessed of his 
mother's light, he called himself God. And he did not obey the place from which he came. And he 
united the seven powers in his thought with the authorities which were with him. And when he 
spoke it happened. And he named each power beginning with the highest: the first is goodness 
with the first (authority), Athoth; the second is foreknowledge with the second one, Eloaio; and 
the third is divinity with the third one, Astraphaio); the fourth is lordship with the fourth one, 
Yao; the fifth is kingdom with the fifth one, Sabaoth; the sixth is envy with the sixth one, Adonein; 
the seventh is understanding with the seventh one, Sabbateon. And these have a firmament 
corresponding to each aeon-heaven. They were given names according to the glory which belongs 
to heaven for the destruction of the powers. And in the names which were given to them by their 
Originator there was power. But the names which were given them according to the glory which 
belongs to heaven mean for them destruction and powerlessness. Thus they have two names. 

"And having created [...] everything, he organized according to the model of the first aeons which 
had come into being, so that he might create them like the indestructible ones. Not because he had 
seen the indestructible ones, but the power in him, which he had taken from his mother, produced 
in him the likeness of the cosmos. And when he saw the creation which surrounds him, and the 
multitude of the angels around him which had come forth from him, he said to them, 'I am a 
jealous God, and there is no other God beside me.' But by announcing this he indicated to the 



67 



angels who attended him that there exists another God. For if there were no other one, of whom 
would he be jealous? 

"Then the mother began to move to and fro. She became aware of the deficiency when the 
brightness of her light diminished. And she became dark because her consort had not agreed with 
her." 

And I said, "Lord, what does it mean that she moved to and fro?" But he smiled and said, "Do not 
think it is, as Moses said, 'above the waters.' No, but when she had seen the wickedness which had 
happened, and the theft which her son had committed, she repented. And she was overcome by 
forgetfulness in the darkness of ignorance and she began to be ashamed. And she did not dare to 
return, but she was moving about. And the moving is the going to and fro. 

"And the arrogant one took a power from his mother. For he was ignorant, thinking that there 
existed no other except his mother alone. And when he saw the multitude of the angels which he 
had created, then he exalted himself above them. 

"And when the mother recognized that the garment of darkness was imperfect, then she knew 
that her consort had not agreed with her. She repented with much weeping. And the whole 
pleroma heard the prayer of her repentance, and they praised on her behalf the invisible, virginal 
Spirit. And he consented; and when the invisible Spirit had consented, the holy Spirit poured over 
her from their whole pleroma. For it was not her consort who came to her, but he came to her 
through the pleroma in order that he might correct her deficiency. And she was taken up not to 
her own aeon but above her son, that she might be in the ninth until she has corrected her 
deficiency. 

"And a voice came forth from the exalted aeon-heaven: 'The Man exists and the son of Man.' And 
the chief archon, Yaltabaoth, heard (it) and thought that the voice had come from his mother. And 
he did not know from where it came. And he taught them, the holy and perfect Mother-Father, the 
complete foreknowledge, the image of the invisible one who is the Father of the all (and) through 
whom everything came into being, the first Man. For he revealed his likeness in a human form. 

"And the whole aeon of the chief archon trembled, and the foundations of the abyss shook. And of 
the waters which are above matter, the underside was illuminated by the appearance of his image 
which had been revealed. And when all the authorities and the chief archon looked, they saw the 
whole region of the underside which was illuminated. And through the light they saw the form of 
the image in the water. 

"And he said to the authorities which attend him, 'Come, let us create a man according to the 
image of God and according to our likeness, that his image may become a light for us.' And they 
created by means of their respective powers in correspondence with the characteristics which 
were given. And each authority supplied a characteristic in the form of the image which he had 
seen in its natural (form). He created a being according to the likeness of the first, perfect Man. 
And they said, 'Let us call him Adam, that his name may become a power of light for us.' 

"And the powers began: the first one, goodness, created a bone-soul; and the second, 
foreknowledge, created a sinew-soul; the third, divinity, created a flesh-soul; and the fourth, the 
lordship, created a marrow-soul; the fifth, kingdom created a blood-soul; the sixth, envy, created a 
skin-soul; the seventh, understanding, created a hair-soul. And the multitude of the angels 
attended him and they received from the powers the seven substances of the natural (form) in 
order to create the proportions of the limbs and the proportion of the rump and the proper 
working together of each of the parts. 

"The first one began to create the head. Eteraphaope-Abron created his head; Meniggesstroeth 
created the brain; Asterechme (created) the right eye; Thaspomocha, the left eye; Yeronumos, the 
right ear; Bissoum, the left ear; Akioreim, the nose; Banen-Ephroum, the lips; Amen, the teeth; 
Ibikan, the molars; Basiliademe, the tonsils; Achcha, the uvula; Adaban, the neck; Chaaman, the 
vertebrae; Dearcho, the throat; Tebar, the right shoulder; [...], the left shoulder; Mniarcon, the right 
elbow; [...], the left elbow; Abitrion, the right underarm; Evanthen, the left underarm; Krys, the 
right hand; Beluai, the left hand; Treneu, the fingers of the right hand; Balbel, the fingers of the left 
hand; Kriman, the nails of the hands; Astrops, the right breast; Barroph, the left breast; Baoum, the 

- 68 - 



right shoulder joint; Ararim, the left shoulder joint; Areche, the belly; Phthave, the navel; 
Senaphim, the abdomen; Arachethopi, the right ribs; Zabedo, the left ribs; Barias, the right hip; 
Phnouth the left hip; Abenlenarchei, the marrow; Chnoumeninorin, the bones; Gesole, the 
stomach; Agromauna, the heart; Bano, the lungs; Sostrapal, the liver; Anesimalar, the spleen; 
Thopithro, the intestines; Biblo, the kidneys; Roeror, the sinews; Taphreo, the spine of the body; 
Ipouspoboba, the veins; Bineborin, the arteries; Atoimenpsephei, theirs are the breaths which are 
in all the limbs; Entholleia, all the flesh; Bedouk, the right buttock (?); Arabeei, the left penis; Eilo, 
the testicles; Sorma, the genitals; Gorma-Kaiochlabar, the right thigh; Nebrith, the left thigh; 
Pserem, the kidneys of the right leg; Asaklas, the left kidney; Ormaoth, the right leg; Emenun, the 
left leg; Knyx, the right shin-bone; Tupelon, the left shin-bone; Achiel, the right knee; Phnene, the 
left knee; Phiouthrom, the right foot; Boabel, its toes; Trachoun, the left foot; Phikna, its toes; 
Miamai, the nails of the feet; Labernioum - . 

"And those who were appointed over all of these are: Zathoth, Armas, Kalila, Jabel, (Sabaoth, 
Cain, Abel). And those who are particularly active in the limbs (are) the head Diolimodraza, the 
neck Yammeax, the right shoulder Yakouib, the left shoulder Verton, the right hand Oudidi, the 
left one Arbao, the fingers of the right hand Lampno, the fingers of the left hand Leekaphar, the 
right breast Barbar, the left breast Imae, the chest Pisandriaptes, the right shoulder joint Koade, the 
left shoulder joint Odeor, the right ribs Asphixix, the left ribs Synogchouta, the belly Arouph, the 
womb Sabalo, the right thigh Charcharb, the left thigh Chthaon, all the genitals Bathinoth, the 
right leg Choux, the left leg Charcha, the right shin-bone Aroer, the left shin-bone Toechtha, the 
right knee Aol, the left knee Charaner, the right foot Bastan, its toes Archentechtha, the left foot 
Marephnounth, its toes Abrana. 

"Seven have power over all of these: Michael, Ouriel, Asmenedas, Saphasatoel, Aarmouriam, 
Richram, Amiorps. And the ones who are in charge over the senses (are) Archendekta; and he 
who is in charge over the receptions (is) Deitharbathas; and he who is in charge over the 
imagination (is) Oummaa; and he who is over the composition Aachiaram, and he who is over the 
whole impulse Riaramnacho. 

"And the origin of the demons which are in the whole body is determined to be four: heat, cold, 
wetness, and dryness. And the mother of all of them is matter. And he who reigns over the heat 
(is) Phloxopha; and he who reigns over the cold is Oroorrothos; and he who reigns over what is 
dry (is) Erimacho; and he who reigns over the wetness (is) Athuro. And the mother of all of these, 
Onorthochrasaei, stands in their midst, since she is illimitable, and she mixes with all of them. 
And she is truly matter, for they are nourished by her. 

"The four chief demons are: Ephememphi, who belongs to pleasure, Yoko, who belongs to desire, 
Nenentophni, who belongs to grief, Blaomen, who belongs to fear. And the mother of them all is 
Aesthesis-Ouch-Epi-Ptoe. And from the four demons passions came forth. And from grief (came) 
envy, jealousy, distress, trouble, pain, callousness, anxiety, mourning, etc. And from pleasure 
much wickedness arises, and empty pride, and similar things. And from desire (comes) anger, 
wrath, and bitterness, and bitter passion, and unsatedness, and similar things. And from fear 
(comes) dread, fawning, agony, and shame. All of these are like useful things as well as evil 
things. But the insight into their true (character) is Anaro, who is the head of the material soul, for 
it belongs with the seven senses, Ouch-Epi-Ptoe. 

"This is the number of the angels: together they are 365. They all worked on it until, limb for limb, 
the natural and the material body was completed by them. Now there are other ones in charge 
over the remaining passions whom I did not mention to you. But if you wish to know them, it is 
written in the book of Zoroaster. And all the angels and demons worked until they had 
constructed the natural body. And their product was completely inactive and motionless for a 
long time. 

"And when the mother wanted to retrieve the power which she had given to the chief archon, she 
petitioned the Mother-Father of the All, who is most merciful. He sent, by means of the holy 
decree, the five lights down upon the place of the angels of the chief archon. They advised him 
that they should bring forth the power of the mother. And they said to Yaltabaoth, 'Blow into his 



69 



face something of your spirit and his body will arise.' And he blew into his face the spirit which is 
the power of his mother; he did not know (this), for he exists in ignorance. And the power of the 
mother went out of Yaltabaoth into the natural body, which they had fashioned after the image of 
the one who exists from the beginning. The body moved and gained strength, and it was 
luminous. 

"And in that moment the rest of the powers became jealous, because he had come into being 
through all of them and they had given their power to the man, and his intelligence was greater 
than that of those who had made him, and greater than that of the chief archon. And when they 
recognized that he was luminous, and that he could think better than they, and that he was free 
from wickedness, they took him and threw him into the lowest region of all matter. 

"But the blessed One, the Mother-Father, the beneficent and merciful One, had mercy on the 
power of the mother which had been brought forth out of the chief archon, for they (the archons) 
might gain power over the natural and perceptible body. And he sent, through his beneficent 
Spirit and his great mercy, a helper to Adam, luminous Epinoia which comes out of him, who is 
called Life. And she assists the whole creature, by toiling with him and by restoring him to his 
fullness and by teaching him about the descent of his seed (and) by teaching him about the way of 
ascent, (which is) the way he came down. And the luminous Epinoia was hidden in Adam, in 
order that the archons might not know her, but that the Epinoia might be a correction of the 
deficiency of the mother. 

"And the man came forth because of the shadow of the light which is in him. And his thinking 
was superior to all those who had made him. When they looked up, they saw that his thinking 
was superior. And they took counsel with the whole array of archons and angels. They took fire 
and earth and water and mixed them together with the four fiery winds. And they wrought them 
together and caused a great disturbance. And they brought him (Adam) into the shadow of death, 
in order that they might form (him) again from earth and water and fire and the spirit which 
originates in matter, which is the ignorance of darkness and desire, and their counterfeit spirit. 
This is the tomb of the newly-formed body with which the robbers had clothed the man, the bond 
of forgetfulness; and he became a mortal man. This is the first one who came down, and the first 
separation. But the Epinoia of the light which was in him, she is the one who was to awaken his 
thinking. 

"And the archons took him and placed him in paradise. And they said to him, 'Eat, that is at 
leisure,' for their luxury is bitter and their beauty is depraved. And their luxury is deception and 
their trees are godlessness and their fruit is deadly poison and their promise is death. And the tree 
of their life they had placed in the midst of paradise. 

"And I shall teach you (pi.) what is the mystery of their life, which is the plan which they made 
together, which is the likeness of their spirit. The root of this (tree) is bitter and its branches are 
death, its shadow is hate and deception is in its leaves, and its blossom is the ointment of evil, and 
its fruit is death and desire is its seed, and it sprouts in darkness. The dwelling place of those who 
taste from it is Hades, and the darkness is their place of rest. 

"But what they call the tree of knowledge of good and evil, which is the Epinoia of the light, they 
stayed in front of it in order that he (Adam) might not look up to his fullness and recognize the 
nakedness of his shamefulness. But it was I who brought about that they ate." 

And to I said to the savior, "Lord, was it not the serpent that taught Adam to eat?" The savior 
smiled and said, "The serpent taught them to eat from wickedness of begetting, lust, (and) 
destruction, that he (Adam) might be useful to him. And he (Adam) knew that he was disobedient 
to him (the chief archon) due to light of the Epinoia which is in him, which made him more correct 
in his thinking than the chief archon. And (the latter) wanted to bring about the power which he 
himself had given him. And he brought a forgetfulness over Adam." 

And I said to the savior, "What is the forgetfulness?" And he said "It is not the way Moses wrote 
(and) you heard. For he said in his first book, 'He put him to sleep' (Gn 2:21), but (it was) in his 
perception. For also he said through the prophet, 'I will make their hearts heavy, that they may not 
pay attention and may not see' (Is 6:10). 

- 7D - 



"Then the Epinoia of the light hid herself in him (Adam). And the chief archon wanted to bring 
her out of his rib. But the Epinoia of the light cannot be grasped. Although darkness pursued her, 
it did not catch her. And he brought a part of his power out of him. And he made another 
creature, in the form of a woman, according to the likeness of the Epinoia which had appeared to 
him. And he brought the part which he had taken from the power of the man into the female 
creature, and not as Moses said, 'his rib-bone. 1 

"And he (Adam) saw the woman beside him. And in that moment the luminous Epinoia 
appeared, and she lifted the veil which lay over his mind. And he became sober from the 
drunkenness of darkness. And he recognized his counter-image, and he said, 'This is indeed bone 
of my bones and flesh of my flesh.' Therefore the man will leave his father and his mother, and he 
will cleave to his wife, and they will both be one flesh. For they will send him his consort, and he 
will leave his father and his mother ... (3 lines unreadable) 

"And our sister Sophia (is) she who came down in innocence in order to rectify her deficiency. 
Therefore she was called Life, which is the mother of the living, by the foreknowledge of the 
sovereignty of heaven. And through her they have tasted the perfect Knowledge. I appeared in the 
form of an eagle on the tree of knowledge, which is the Epinoia from the foreknowledge of the 
pure light, that I might teach them and awaken them out of the depth of sleep. For they were both 
in a fallen state, and they recognized their nakedness. The Epinoia appeared to them as a light; she 
awakened their thinking. 

"And when Yaltabaoth noticed that they withdrew from him, he cursed his earth. He found the 
woman as she was preparing herself for her husband. He was lord over her, though he did not 
know the mystery which had come to pass through the holy decree. And they were afraid to 
blame him. And he showed his angels his ignorance which is in him. And he cast them out of 
paradise and he clothed them in gloomy darkness. And the chief archon saw the virgin who stood 
by Adam, and that the luminous Epinoia of life had appeared in her. And Yaltabaoth was full of 
ignorance. And when the foreknowledge of the All noticed (it), she sent some and they snatched 
life out of Eve. 

"And the chief archon seduced her and he begot in her two sons; the first and the second (are) 
Eloim and Yave. Eloim has a bear-face and Yave has a cat-face. The one is righteous but the other 
is unrighteous. (Yave is righteous but Eloim is unrighteous.) Yave he set over the fire and the 
wind, and Eloim he set over the water and the earth. And these he called with the names Cain and 
Abel with a view to deceive. 

"Now up to the present day, sexual intercourse continued due to the chief archon. And he planted 
sexual desire in her who belongs to Adam. And he produced through intercourse the copies of the 
bodies, and he inspired them with his counterfeit spirit. 

"And the two archons he set over principalities, so that they might rule over the tomb. And when 
Adam recognized the likeness of his own foreknowledge, he begot the likeness of the son of man. 
He called him Seth, according to the way of the race in the aeons. Likewise, the mother also sent 
down her spirit, which is in her likeness and a copy of those who are in the pleroma, for she will 
prepare a dwelling place for the aeons which will come down. And he made them drink water of 
forgetfulness, from the chief archon, in order that they might not know from where they came. 
Thus, the seed remained for a while assisting (him), in order that, when the Spirit comes forth 
from the holy aeons, he may raise up and heal him from the deficiency, that the whole pleroma 
may (again) become holy and faultless." 

And I said to the savior, "Lord, will all the souls then be brought safely into the pure light?" He 
answered and said to me, "Great things have arisen in your mind, for it is difficult to explain them 
to others except to those who are from the immovable race. Those on whom the Spirit of life will 
descend and (with whom) he will be with the power, they will be saved and become perfect and 
be worthy of the greatness and be purified in that place from all wickedness and the involvements 
in evil. Then they have no other care than the incorruption alone, to which they direct their 
attention from here on, without anger or envy or jealousy or desire and greed of anything. They 
are not affected by anything except the state of being in the flesh alone, which they bear while 



71 



looking expectantly for the time when they will be met by the receivers (of the body). Such then 
are worthy of the imperishable, eternal life and the calling. For they endure everything and bear 
up under everything, that they may finish the good fight and inherit eternal life." 

I said to him, "Lord, the souls of those who did not do these works (but) on whom the power and 
Spirit descended, (will they be rejected?" He answered and said to me, "If) the Spirit (descended 
upon them), they will in any case be saved, and they will change (for the better). For the power 
will descend on every man, for without it no one can stand. And after they are born, then, when 
the Spirit of life increases and the power comes and strengthens that soul, no one can lead it astray 
with works of evil. But those on whom the counterfeit spirit descends are drawn by him and they 
go astray." 

And I said, "Lord, where will the souls of these go when they have come out of their flesh?" And 
he smiled and said to me, "The soul in which the power will become stronger than the counterfeit 
spirit, is strong and it flees from evil and, through the intervention of the incorruptible one, it is 
saved, and it is taken up to the rest of the aeons." 

And I said, "Lord, those, however, who have not known to whom they belong, where will their 
souls be?" And he said to me, "In those, the despicable spirit has gained strength when they went 
astray. And he burdens the soul and draws it to the works of evil, and he casts it down into 
forgetfulness. And after it comes out of (the body), it is handed over to the authorities, who came 
into being through the archon, and they bind it with chains and cast it into prison, and consort 
with it until it is liberated from the forgetfulness and acquires knowledge. And if thus it becomes 
perfect, it is saved." 

And I said, "Lord, how can the soul become smaller and return into the nature of its mother or into 
man?" Then he rejoiced when I asked him this, and he said to me, "Truly, you are blessed, for you 
have understood! That soul is made to follow another one (fern.), since the Spirit of life is in it. It is 
saved through him. It is not again cast into another flesh." 

And I said, "Lord, these also who did not know, but have turned away, where will their souls go?" 
Then he said to me, "To that place where the angels of poverty go they will be taken, the place 
where there is no repentance. And they will be kept for the day on which those who have 
blasphemed the spirit will be tortured, and they will be punished with eternal punishment." 

And I said, "Lord, from where did the counterfeit spirit come?" Then he said to me, "The Mother- 
Father, who is rich in mercy, the holy Spirit in every way, the One who is merciful and who 
sympathizes with you (pi), i.e., the Epinoia of the foreknowledge of light, he raised up the 
offspring of the perfect race and its thinking and the eternal light of man. When the chief archon 
realized that they were exalted above him in the height - and they surpass him in thinking - then 
he wanted to seize their thought, not knowing that they surpassed him in thinking, and that he 
will not be able to seize them. 

"He made a plan with his authorities, which are his powers, and they committed together adultery 
with Sophia, and bitter fate was begotten through them, which is the last of the changeable bonds. 
And it is of a sort that is interchangeable. And it is harder and stronger than she with whom the 
gods united, and the angels and the demons and all the generations until this day. For from that 
fate came forth every sin and injustice and blasphemy, and the chain of forgetfulness and 
ignorance and every severe command, and serious sins and great fears. And thus the whole 
creation was made blind, in order that they may not know God, who is above all of them. And 
because of the chain of forgetfulness, their sins were hidden. For they are bound with measures 
and times and moments, since it (fate) is lord over everything. 

"And he (the chief archon) repented for everything which had come into being through him. This 
time he planned to bring a flood upon the work of man. But the greatness of the light of the 
foreknowledge informed Noah, and he proclaimed (it) to all the offspring which are the sons of 
men. But those who were strangers to him did not listen to him. It is not as Moses said, 'They hid 
themselves in an ark' (Gn 7: 7), but they hid themselves in a place, not only Noah, but also many 
other people from the immovable race. They went into a place and hid themselves in a luminous 



y e 



cloud. And he (Noah) recognized his authority, and she who belongs to the light was with him, 
having shone on them because he (the chief archon) had brought darkness upon the whole earth. 

"And he made a plan with his powers. He sent his angels to the daughters of men, that they might 
take some of them for themselves and raise offspring for their enjoyment. And at first they did not 
succeed. When they had no success, they gathered together again and they made a plan together. 
They created a counterfeit spirit, who resembles the Spirit who had descended, so as to pollute the 
souls through it. And the angels changed themselves in their likeness into the likeness of their 
mates (the daughters of men), filling them with the spirit of darkness, which they had mixed for 
them, and with evil. They brought gold and silver and a gift and copper and iron and metal and 
all kinds of things. And they steered the people who had followed them into great troubles, by 
leading them astray with many deceptions. They (the people) became old without having 
enjoyment. They died, not having found truth and without knowing the God of truth. And thus 
the whole creation became enslaved forever, from the foundation of the world until now. And 
they took women and begot children out of the darkness according to the likeness of their spirit. 
And they closed their hearts, and they hardened themselves through the hardness of the 
counterfeit spirit until now. 

"I, therefore, the perfect Pronoia of the all, changed myself into my seed, for I existed first, going 
on every road. For I am the richness of the light; I am the remembrance of the pleroma. 

"And I went into the realm of darkness and I endured till I entered the middle of the prison. And 
the foundations of chaos shook. And I hid myself from them because of their wickedness, and 
they did not recognize me. 

"Again I returned for the second time, and I went about. I came forth from those who belong to the 
light, which is I, the remembrance of the Pronoia. I entered into the midst of darkness and the 
inside of Hades, since I was seeking (to accomplish) my task. And the foundations of chaos shook, 
that they might fall down upon those who are in chaos and might destroy them. And again I ran 
up to my root of light, lest they be destroyed before the time. 

"Still for a third time I went - 1 am the light which exists in the light, I am the remembrance of the 
Pronoia - that I might enter into the midst of darkness and the inside of Hades. And I filled my 
face with the light of the completion of their aeon. And I entered into the midst of their prison, 
which is the prison of the body. And I said, 'He who hears, let him get up from the deep sleep.' 
And he wept and shed tears. Bitter tears he wiped from himself and he said, 'Who is it that calls 
my name, and from where has this hope come to me, while I am in the chains of the prison?' And I 
said, 'I am the Pronoia of the pure light; I am the thinking of the virginal Spirit, who raised you up 
to the honored place. Arise and remember that it is you who hearkened, and follow your root, 
which is I, the merciful one, and guard yourself against the angels of poverty and the demons of 
chaos and all those who ensnare you, and beware of the deep sleep and the enclosure of the inside 
of Hades. 

"And I raised him up, and sealed him in the light of the water with five seals, in order that death 
might not have power over him from this time on. 

"And behold, now I shall go up to the perfect aeon. I have completed everything for you in your 
hearing. And I have said everything to you that you might write them down and give them 
secretly to your fellow spirits, for this is the mystery of the immovable race." 

And the savior presented these things to him that he might write them down and keep them 
secure. And he said to him, "Cursed be everyone who will exchange these things for a gift or for 
food or for drink or for clothing or for any other such thing." And these things were presented to 
him in a mystery, and immediately he disappeared from him. And he went to his fellow disciples 
and related to them what the savior had told him. 

Jesus Christ, Amen. 

The Apocryphon According to John 



73 



The Gospel of Thomas 



CODEX II 

Translated by Stephen Patterson and Marvin Meyer 

Selection from Robert ]. Miller, ed., The Complete Gospels: Annotated Scholars Version. (Polebridge Press, 1992, 1994). 

These are the secret sayings that the living Jesus spoke and Didymos Judas Thomas recorded. 

1. And he said, "Whoever discovers the interpretation of these sayings will not taste death." 

2. Jesus said, "Those who seek should not stop seeking until they find. When they find, they will 
be disturbed. When they are disturbed, they will marvel, and will reign over all. [And after they 
have reigned they will rest.]" 

3. Jesus said, "If your leaders say to you, 'Look, the (Father's) kingdom is in the sky,' then the birds 
of the sky will precede you. If they say to you, 'It is in the sea,' then the fish will precede you. 
Rather, the (Father's) kingdom is within you and it is outside you. 

When you know yourselves, then you will be known, and you will understand that you are 
children of the living Father. But if you do not know yourselves, then you live in poverty, and you 
are the poverty." 

4. Jesus said, "The person old in days won't hesitate to ask a little child seven days old about the 
place of life, and that person will live. 

For many of the first will be last, and will become a single one." 

5. Jesus said, "Know what is in front of your face, and what is hidden from you will be disclosed to 
you. 

For there is nothing hidden that will not be revealed. [And there is nothing buried that will not be 
raised.]" 

6. His disciples asked him and said to him, "Do you want us to fast? How should we pray? Should 
we give to charity? What diet should we observe?" 

Jesus said, "Don't lie, and don't do what you hate, because all things are disclosed before heaven. 
After all, there is nothing hidden that will not be revealed, and there is nothing covered up that 
will remain undisclosed." 

7. Jesus said, "Lucky is the lion that the human will eat, so that the lion becomes human. And foul 
is the human that the lion will eat, and the lion still will become human." 

8. And he said, "The person is like a wise fisherman who cast his net into the sea and drew it up 
from the sea full of little fish. Among them the wise fisherman discovered a fine large fish. He 
threw all the little fish back into the sea, and easily chose the large fish. Anyone here with two 
good ears had better listen!" 

9. Jesus said, "Look, the sower went out, took a handful (of seeds), and scattered (them). Some fell 
on the road, and the birds came and gathered them. Others fell on rock, and they didn't take root 
in the soil and didn't produce heads of grain. Others fell on thorns, and they choked the seeds and 
worms ate them. And others fell on good soil, and it produced a good crop: it yielded sixty per 
measure and one hundred twenty per measure." 

10. Jesus said, "I have cast fire upon the world, and look, I'm guarding it until it blazes." 

11. Jesus said, "This heaven will pass away, and the one above it will pass away. 

The dead are not alive, and the living will not die. During the days when you ate what is dead, 
you made it come alive. When you are in the light, what will you do? On the day when you were 
one, you became two. But when you become two, what will you do?" 

12. The disciples said to Jesus, "We know that you are going to leave us. Who will be our leader?" 

Jesus said to them, "No matter where you are you are to go to James the Just, for whose sake 
heaven and earth came into being." 



74 



13. Jesus said to his disciples, "Compare me to something and tell me what I am like." 
Simon Peter said to him, "You are like a just messenger." 

Matthew said to him, "You are like a wise philosopher." 

Thomas said to him, "Teacher, my mouth is utterly unable to say what you are like." 

Jesus said, "I am not your teacher. Because you have drunk, you have become intoxicated from the 
bubbling spring that I have tended." 

And he took him, and withdrew, and spoke three sayings to him. When Thomas came back to his 
friends they asked him, "What did Jesus say to you?" 

Thomas said to them, "If I tell you one of the sayings he spoke to me, you will pick up rocks and 
stone me, and fire will come from the rocks and devour you." 

14. Jesus said to them, "If you fast, you will bring sin upon yourselves, and if you pray, you will be 
condemned, and if you give to charity, you will harm your spirits. 

When you go into any region and walk about in the countryside, when people take you in, eat 
what they serve you and heal the sick among them. 

After all, what goes into your mouth will not defile you; rather, it's what comes out of your mouth 
that will defile you." 

15. Jesus said, "When you see one who was not born of woman, fall on your faces and worship. 
That one is your Father." 

16. Jesus said, "Perhaps people think that I have come to cast peace upon the world. They do not 
know that I have come to cast conflicts upon the earth: fire, sword, war. 

For there will be five in a house: there'll be three against two and two against three, father against 
son and son against father, and they will stand alone." 

17. Jesus said, "I will give you what no eye has seen, what no ear has heard, what no hand has 
touched, what has not arisen in the human heart." 

18. The disciples said to Jesus, "Tell us, how will our end come?" 

Jesus said, "Have you found the beginning, then, that you are looking for the end? You see, the 
end will be where the beginning is. 

Congratulations to the one who stands at the beginning: that one will know the end and will not 
taste death." 

19. Jesus said, "Congratulations to the one who came into being before coming into being. 

If you become my disciples and pay attention to my sayings, these stones will serve you. 

For there are five trees in Paradise for you; they do not change, summer or winter, and their leaves 
do not fall. Whoever knows them will not taste death." 

20. The disciples said to Jesus, "Tell us what Heaven's kingdom is like." 

He said to them, "It's like a mustard seed, the smallest of all seeds, but when it falls on prepared 
soil, it produces a large plant and becomes a shelter for birds of the sky." 

21. Mary said to Jesus, "What are your disciples like?" 

He said, "They are like little children living in a field that is not theirs. When the owners of the 
field come, they will say, 'Give us back our field.' They take off their clothes in front of them in 
order to give it back to them, and they return their field to them. 

For this reason I say, if the owners of a house know that a thief is coming, they will be on guard 
before the thief arrives and will not let the thief break into their house (their domain) and steal 
their possessions. 

As for you, then, be on guard against the world. Prepare yourselves with great strength, so the 
robbers can't find a way to get to you, for the trouble you expect will come. 

Let there be among you a person who understands. 

When the crop ripened, he came quickly carrying a sickle and harvested it. Anyone here with two 
good ears had better listen!" 



75 



22. Jesus saw some babies nursing. He said to his disciples, "These nursing babies are like those 
who enter the (Father's) kingdom." 

They said to him, "Then shall we enter the (Father's) kingdom as babies?" 

Jesus said to them, "When you make the two into one, and when you make the inner like the outer 
and the outer like the inner, and the upper like the lower, and when you make male and female 
into a single one, so that the male will not be male nor the female be female, when you make eyes 
in place of an eye, a hand in place of a hand, a foot in place of a foot, an image in place of an 
image, then you will enter [the kingdom]." 

23. Jesus said, "I shall choose you, one from a thousand and two from ten thousand, and they will 
stand as a single one." 

24. His disciples said, "Show us the place where you are, for we must seek it." 

He said to them, "Anyone here with two ears had better listen! There is light within a person of 
light, and it shines on the whole world. If it does not shine, it is dark." 

25. Jesus said, "Love your friends like your own soul, protect them like the pupil of your eye." 

26. Jesus said, "You see the sliver in your friend's eye, but you don't see the timber in your own 
eye. When you take the timber out of your own eye, then you will see well enough to remove the 
sliver from your friend's eye." 

27. "If you do not fast from the world, you will not find the (Father's) kingdom. If you do not 
observe the sabbath as a sabbath you will not see the Father." 

28. Jesus said, "I took my stand in the midst of the world, and in flesh I appeared to them. I found 
them all drunk, and I did not find any of them thirsty. My soul ached for the children of 
humanity, because they are blind in their hearts and do not see, for they came into the world 
empty, and they also seek to depart from the world empty. 

But meanwhile they are drunk. When they shake off their wine, then they will change their ways." 

29. Jesus said, "If the flesh came into being because of spirit, that is a marvel, but if spirit came into 
being because of the body, that is a marvel of marvels. 

Yet I marvel at how this great wealth has come to dwell in this poverty." 

30. Jesus said, "Where there are three deities, they are divine. Where there are two or one, I am 
with that one." 

31. Jesus said, "No prophet is welcome on his home turf; doctors don't cure those who know 
them." 

32. Jesus said, "A city built on a high hill and fortified cannot fall, nor can it be hidden." 

33. Jesus said, "What you will hear in your ear, in the other ear proclaim from your rooftops. 

After all, no one lights a lamp and puts it under a basket, nor does one put it in a hidden place. 
Rather, one puts it on a lampstand so that all who come and go will see its light." 

34. Jesus said, "If a blind person leads a blind person, both of them will fall into a hole." 

35. Jesus said, "One can't enter a strong person's house and take it by force without tying his 
hands. Then one can loot his house." 

36. Jesus said, "Do not fret, from morning to evening and from evening to morning, [about your 
food—what you're going to eat, or about your clothing—] what you are going to wear. [You're 
much better than the lilies, which neither card nor spin. 

As for you, when you have no garment, what will you put on? Who might add to your stature? 
That very one will give you your garment.]" 

37. His disciples said, "When will you appear to us, and when will we see you?" 

Jesus said, "When you strip without being ashamed, and you take your clothes and put them 
under your feet like little children and trample then, then [you] will see the son of the living one 
and you will not be afraid." 



76 



38. Jesus said, "Often you have desired to hear these sayings that I am speaking to you, and you 
have no one else from whom to hear them. There will be days when you will seek me and you will 
not find me." 

39. Jesus said, "The Pharisees and the scholars have taken the keys of knowledge and have hidden 
them. They have not entered nor have they allowed those who want to enter to do so. 

As for you, be as sly as snakes and as simple as doves." 

40. Jesus said, "A grapevine has been planted apart from the Father. Since it is not strong, it will be 
pulled up by its root and will perish." 

41. Jesus said, "Whoever has something in hand will be given more, and whoever has nothing will 
be deprived of even the little they have." 

42. Jesus said, "Be passersby." 

43. His disciples said to him, "Who are you to say these things to us?" 
"You don't understand who I am from what I say to you. 

Rather, you have become like the Judeans, for they love the tree but hate its fruit, or they love the 
fruit but hate the tree." 

44. Jesus said, "Whoever blasphemes against the Father will be forgiven, and whoever blasphemes 
against the son will be forgiven, but whoever blasphemes against the holy spirit will not be 
forgiven, either on earth or in heaven." 

45. Jesus said, "Grapes are not harvested from thorn trees, nor are figs gathered from thistles, for 
they yield no fruit. 

Good persons produce good from what they've stored up; bad persons produce evil from the 
wickedness they've stored up in their hearts, and say evil things. For from the overflow of the 
heart they produce evil." 

46. Jesus said, "From Adam to John the Baptist, among those born of women, no one is so much 
greater than John the Baptist that his eyes should not be averted. 

But I have said that whoever among you becomes a child will recognize the (Father's) kingdom 
and will become greater than John." 

47. Jesus said, "A person cannot mount two horses or bend two bows. 

And a slave cannot serve two masters, otherwise that slave will honor the one and offend the 
other. 

Nobody drinks aged wine and immediately wants to drink young wine. Young wine is not 
poured into old wineskins, or they might break, and aged wine is not poured into a new wineskin, 
or it might spoil. 

An old patch is not sewn onto a new garment, since it would create a tear." 

48. Jesus said, "If two make peace with each other in a single house, they will say to the mountain, 
'Move from here!' and it will move." 

49. Jesus said, "Congratulations to those who are alone and chosen, for you will find the kingdom. 
For you have come from it, and you will return there again." 

50. Jesus said, "If they say to you, Where have you come from?' say to them, We have come from 
the light, from the place where the light came into being by itself, established [itself], and 
appeared in their image.' 

If they say to you, 'Is it you?' say, We are its children, and we are the chosen of the living Father.' 
If they ask you, What is the evidence of your Father in you?' say to them, 'It is motion and rest.'" 

51. His disciples said to him, "When will the rest for the dead take place, and when will the new 
world come?" 

He said to them, "What you are looking forward to has come, but you don't know it." 

52. His disciples said to him, "Twenty -four prophets have spoken in Israel, and they all spoke of 
you." 



77 



He said to them, "You have disregarded the living one who is in your presence, and have spoken 
of the dead." 

53. His disciples said to him, "Is circumcision useful or not?" 

He said to them, "If it were useful, their father would produce children already circumcised from 
their mother. Rather, the true circumcision in spirit has become profitable in every respect." 

54. Jesus said, "Congratulations to the poor, for to you belongs Heaven's kingdom." 

55. Jesus said, "Whoever does not hate father and mother cannot be my disciple, and whoever 
does not hate brothers and sisters, and carry the cross as I do, will not be worthy of me." 

56. Jesus said, "Whoever has come to know the world has discovered a carcass, and whoever has 
discovered a carcass, of that person the world is not worthy." 

57 Jesus said, "The Father's kingdom is like a person who has [good] seed. His enemy came during 
the night and sowed weeds among the good seed. The person did not let the workers pull up the 
weeds, but said to them, 'No, otherwise you might go to pull up the weeds and pull up the wheat 
along with them.' For on the day of the harvest the weeds will be conspicuous, and will be pulled 
up and burned." 

58. Jesus said, "Congratulations to the person who has toiled and has found life." 

59. Jesus said, "Look to the living one as long as you live, otherwise you might die and then try to 
see the living one, and you will be unable to see." 

60. He saw a Samaritan carrying a lamb and going to Judea. He said to his disciples, "that 
person ... around the lamb." They said to him, "So that he may kill it and eat it." He said to them, 
"He will not eat it while it is alive, but only after he has killed it and it has become a carcass." 

They said, "Otherwise he can't do it." 

He said to them, "So also with you, seek for yourselves a place for rest, or you might become a 
carcass and be eaten." 

61. Jesus said, "Two will recline on a couch; one will die, one will live." 

Salome said, "Who are you mister? You have climbed onto my couch and eaten from my table as if 
you are from someone." 

Jesus said to her, "I am the one who comes from what is whole. I was granted from the things of 
my Father." 

"I am your disciple." 

"For this reason I say, if one is whole, one will be filled with light, but if one is divided, one will be 
filled with darkness." 

62. Jesus said, "I disclose my mysteries to those [who are worthy] of [my] mysteries. 

63 Jesus said, "There was a rich person who had a great deal of money. He said, 'I shall invest my 
money so that I may sow, reap, plant, and fill my storehouses with produce, that I may lack 
nothing.' These were the things he was thinking in his heart, but that very night he died. Anyone 
here with two ears had better listen!" 

64. Jesus said, "A person was receiving guests. When he had prepared the dinner, he sent his slave 
to invite the guests. 

The slave went to the first and said to that one, 'My master invites you. 1 That one said, 'Some 
merchants owe me money; they are coming to me tonight. I have to go and give them instructions. 
Please excuse me from dinner. 1 

The slave went to another and said to that one, 'My master has invited you.' That one said to the 
slave, 'I have bought a house, and I have been called away for a day. I shall have no time.' 

The slave went to another and said to that one, 'My master invites you. 1 That one said to the slave, 
'My friend is to be married, and I am to arrange the banquet. I shall not be able to come. Please 
excuse me from dinner. 1 



78 



The slave went to another and said to that one, 'My master invites you.' That one said to the slave, 
'I have bought an estate, and I am going to collect the rent. I shall not be able to come. Please 
excuse me.' 

The slave returned and said to his master, 'Those whom you invited to dinner have asked to be 
excused.' The master said to his slave, 'Go out on the streets and bring back whomever you find to 
have dinner.' 

Buyers and merchants [will] not enter the places of my Father." 

65. He said, "A [...] person owned a vineyard and rented it to some farmers, so they could work it 
and he could collect its crop from them. He sent his slave so the farmers would give him the 
vineyard's crop. They grabbed him, beat him, and almost killed him, and the slave returned and 
told his master. His master said, 'Perhaps he didn't know them.' He sent another slave, and the 
farmers beat that one as well. Then the master sent his son and said, 'Perhaps they'll show my son 
some respect.' Because the farmers knew that he was the heir to the vineyard, they grabbed him 
and killed him. Anyone here with two ears had better listen!" 

66. Jesus said, "Show me the stone that the builders rejected: that is the keystone." 

67. Jesus said, "Those who know all, but are lacking in themselves, are utterly lacking." 

68. Jesus said, "Congratulations to you when you are hated and persecuted; and no place will be 
found, wherever you have been persecuted." 

69. Jesus said, "Congratulations to those who have been persecuted in their hearts: they are the 
ones who have truly come to know the Father. 

Congratulations to those who go hungry, so the stomach of the one in want may be filled." 

70. Jesus said, "If you bring forth what is within you, what you have will save you. If you do not 
have that within you, what you do not have within you [will] kill you." 

71. Jesus said, "I will destroy [this] house, and no one will be able to build it [...]." 

72. A [person said] to him, "Tell my brothers to divide my father's possessions with me." 
He said to the person, "Mister, who made me a divider?" 

He turned to his disciples and said to them, "I'm not a divider, am I?" 

73. Jesus said, "The crop is huge but the workers are few, so beg the harvest boss to dispatch 
workers to the fields." 

74. He said, "Lord, there are many around the drinking trough, but there is nothing in the well." 

75. Jesus said, "There are many standing at the door, but those who are alone will enter the bridal 
suite." 

76. Jesus said, "The Father's kingdom is like a merchant who had a supply of merchandise and 
found a pearl. That merchant was prudent; he sold the merchandise and bought the single pearl 
for himself. 

So also with you, seek his treasure that is unfailing, that is enduring, where no moth comes to eat 
and no worm destroys." 

77. Jesus said, "I am the light that is over all things. I am all: from me all came forth, and to me all 
attained. 

Split a piece of wood; I am there. 

Lift up the stone, and you will find me there." 

78. Jesus said, "Why have you come out to the countryside? To see a reed shaken by the wind? 
And to see a person dressed in soft clothes, [like your] rulers and your powerful ones? They are 
dressed in soft clothes, and they cannot understand truth." 

79. A woman in the crowd said to him, "Lucky are the womb that bore you and the breasts that fed 
you." 



73 



He said to [her], "Lucky are those who have heard the word of the Father and have truly kept it. 
For there will be days when you will say, 'Lucky are the womb that has not conceived and the 
breasts that have not given milk.'" 

80. Jesus said, "Whoever has come to know the world has discovered the body, and whoever has 
discovered the body, of that one the world is not worthy." 

81. Jesus said, "Let one who has become wealthy reign, and let one who has power renounce <it>." 

82. Jesus said, "Whoever is near me is near the fire, and whoever is far from me is far from the 
(Father's) kingdom." 

83. Jesus said, "Images are visible to people, but the light within them is hidden in the image of the 
Father's light. He will be disclosed, but his image is hidden by his light." 

84. Jesus said, "When you see your likeness, you are happy. But when you see your images that 
came into being before you and that neither die nor become visible, how much you will have to 
bear!" 

85. Jesus said, "Adam came from great power and great wealth, but he was not worthy of you. For 
had he been worthy, [he would] not [have tasted] death." 

86. Jesus said, "[Foxes have] their dens and birds have their nests, but human beings have no place 
to lay down and rest." 

87. Jesus said, "How miserable is the body that depends on a body, and how miserable is the soul 
that depends on these two." 

88. Jesus said, "The messengers and the prophets will come to you and give you what belongs to 
you. You, in turn, give them what you have, and say to yourselves, When will they come and take 
what belongs to them? 1 " 

89. Jesus said, "Why do you wash the outside of the cup? Don't you understand that the one who 
made the inside is also the one who made the outside?" 

90. Jesus said, "Come to me, for my yoke is comfortable and my lordship is gentle, and you will 
find rest for yourselves." 

91. They said to him, "Tell us who you are so that we may believe in you." 

He said to them, "You examine the face of heaven and earth, but you have not come to know the 
one who is in your presence, and you do not know how to examine the present moment." 

92. Jesus said, "Seek and you will find. 

In the past, however, I did not tell you the things about which you asked me then. Now I am 
willing to tell them, but you are not seeking them." 

93. "Don't give what is holy to dogs, for they might throw them upon the manure pile. Don't throw 
pearls [to] pigs, or they might ... it [...]." 

94. Jesus [said], "One who seeks will find, and for [one who knocks] it will be opened." 

95. [Jesus said], "If you have money, don't lend it at interest. Rather, give [it] to someone from 
whom you won't get it back." 

96. Jesus [said], "The Father's kingdom is like [a] woman. She took a little leaven, [hid] it in dough, 
and made it into large loaves of bread. Anyone here with two ears had better listen!" 

97. Jesus said, "The [Father's] kingdom is like a woman who was carrying a [jar] full of meal. 
While she was walking along [a] distant road, the handle of the jar broke and the meal spilled 
behind her [along] the road. She didn't know it; she hadn't noticed a problem. When she reached 
her house, she put the jar down and discovered that it was empty." 

98. Jesus said, "The Father's kingdom is like a person who wanted to kill someone powerful. While 
still at home he drew his sword and thrust it into the wall to find out whether his hand would go 
in. Then he killed the powerful one." 

99. The disciples said to him, "Your brothers and your mother are standing outside." 

He said to them, "Those here who do what my Father wants are my brothers and my mother. They 
are the ones who will enter my Father's kingdom." 



BO 



100. They showed Jesus a gold coin and said to him, "The Roman emperor's people demand taxes 
from us." 

He said to them, "Give the emperor what belongs to the emperor, give God what belongs to God, 
and give me what is mine." 

101. "Whoever does not hate [father] and mother as I do cannot be my [disciple], and whoever 
does [not] love [father and] mother as I do cannot be my [disciple]. For my mother [...], but my 
true [mother] gave me life." 

102. Jesus said, "Damn the Pharisees! They are like a dog sleeping in the cattle manger: the dog 
neither eats nor [lets] the cattle eat." 

103. Jesus said, "Congratulations to those who know where the rebels are going to attack. [They] 
can get going, collect their imperial resources, and be prepared before the rebels arrive." 

104. They said to Jesus, "Come, let us pray today, and let us fast." 

Jesus said, "What sin have I committed, or how have I been undone? Rather, when the groom 
leaves the bridal suite, then let people fast and pray." 

105. Jesus said, "Whoever knows the father and the mother will be called the child of a whore." 

106. Jesus said, "When you make the two into one, you will become children of Adam, and when 
you say, 'Mountain, move from here!' it will move." 

107. Jesus said, "The (Father's) kingdom is like a shepherd who had a hundred sheep. One of them, 
the largest, went astray. He left the ninety-nine and looked for the one until he found it. After he 
had toiled, he said to the sheep, 'I love you more than the ninety-nine.'" 

108. Jesus said, "Whoever drinks from my mouth will become like me; I myself shall become that 
person, and the hidden things will be revealed to him." 

109. Jesus said, "The (Father's) kingdom is like a person who had a treasure hidden in his field but 
did not know it. And [when] he died he left it to his [son]. The son [did] not know about it either. 
He took over the field and sold it. The buyer went plowing, [discovered] the treasure, and began 
to lend money at interest to whomever he wished." 

110. Jesus said, "Let one who has found the world, and has become wealthy, renounce the world." 

111. Jesus said, "The heavens and the earth will roll up in your presence, and whoever is living 
from the living one will not see death." 

Does not Jesus say, "Those who have found themselves, of them the world is not worthy"? 

112. Jesus said, "Damn the flesh that depends on the soul. Damn the soul that depends on the 
flesh." 

113. His disciples said to him, "When will the kingdom come?" 

"It will not come by watching for it. It will not be said, 'Look, here!' or 'Look, there!' Rather, the 
Father's kingdom is spread out upon the earth, and people don't see it." 

[Saying probably added to the original collection at a later date:] 

114. Simon Peter said to them, "Make Mary leave us, for females don't deserve life." 

Jesus said, "Look, I will guide her to make her male, so that she too may become a living spirit 
resembling you males. For every female who makes herself male will enter the kingdom of 
Heaven." 



81 



The Gospel of Thomas 



CODEX II 

Translated by Thomas O. Lambdin 

Selection made from James M. Robinson, ed., The Nag Hammadi Library, revised edition. HarperCollins, San Francisco, 1990. 



These are the secret sayings which the living 
Jesus spoke and which Didymos Judas Thomas 
wrote down. 

(1) And he said, "Whoever finds the 
interpretation of these sayings will not 
experience death." 

(2) Jesus said, "Let him who seeks continue 
seeking until he finds. When he finds, he will 
become troubled. When he becomes troubled, 
he will be astonished, and he will rule over the 
All." 

(3) Jesus said, "If those who lead you say to 
you, 'See, the kingdom is in the sky,' then the 
birds of the sky will precede you. If they say to 
you, 'It is in the sea,' then the fish will precede 
you. Rather, the kingdom is inside of you, and 
it is outside of you. When you come to know 
yourselves, then you will become known, and 
you will realize that it is you who are the sons 
of the living father. But if you will not know 
yourselves, you dwell in poverty and it is you 
who are that poverty." 

(4) Jesus said, "The man old in days will not 
hesitate to ask a small child seven days old 
about the place of life, and he will live. For 
many who are first will become last, and they 
will become one and the same." 

(5) Jesus said, "Recognize what is in your sight, 
and that which is hidden from you will become 
plain to you . For there is nothing hidden 
which will not become manifest." 

(6) His disciples questioned him and said to 
him, "Do you want us to fast? How shall we 
pray? Shall we give alms? What diet shall we 
observe?" 

Jesus said, "Do not tell lies, and do not do what 
you hate, for all things are plain in the sight of 
heaven. For nothing hidden will not become 
manifest, and nothing covered will remain 
without being uncovered." 

(7) Jesus said, "Blessed is the lion which 
becomes man when consumed by man; and 
cursed is the man whom the lion consumes, 
and the lion becomes man." 



(8) And he said, "The man is like a wise 
fisherman who cast his net into the sea and 
drew it up from the sea full of small fish. 
Among them the wise fisherman found a fine 
large fish. He threw all the small fish back into 
the sea and chose the large fish without 
difficulty. Whoever has ears to hear, let him 
hear." 

(9) Jesus said, "Now the sower went out, took a 
handful (of seeds), and scattered them. Some 
fell on the road; the birds came and gathered 
them up. Others fell on the rock, did not take 
root in the soil, and did not produce ears. And 
others fell on thorns; they choked the seed(s) 
and worms ate them. And others fell on the 
good soil and it produced good fruit: it bore 
sixty per measure and a hundred and twenty 
per measure." 

(10) Jesus said, "I have cast fire upon the world, 
and see, I am guarding it until it blazes." 

(11) Jesus said, "This heaven will pass away, 
and the one above it will pass away. The dead 
are not alive, and the living will not die. In the 
days when you consumed what is dead, you 
made it what is alive. When you come to dwell 
in the light, what will you do? On the day 
when you were one you became two. But when 
you become two, what will you do?" 

(12) The disciples said to Jesus, "We know that 
you will depart from us. Who is to be our 
leader?" 

Jesus said to them, "Wherever you are, you are 
to go to James the righteous, for whose sake 
heaven and earth came into being." 

(13) Jesus said to his disciples, "Compare me to 
someone and tell me whom I am like." 

Simon Peter said to him, "You are like a 
righteous angel." 

Matthew said to him, "You are like a wise 
philosopher." 

Thomas said to him, "Master, my mouth is 
wholly incapable of saying whom you are like." 

Jesus said, "I am not your master. Because you 
have drunk, you have become intoxicated from 



82 



the bubbling spring which I have measured 
out." 

And he took him and withdrew and told him 
three things. When Thomas returned to his 
companions, they asked him, "What did Jesus 
say to you?" 

Thomas said to them, "If I tell you one of the 
things which he told me, you will pick up 
stones and throw them at me; a fire will come 
out of the stones and burn you up." 

(14) Jesus said to them, "If you fast, you will 
give rise to sin for yourselves; and if you pray, 
you will be condemned; and if you give alms, 
you will do harm to your spirits. When you go 
into any land and walk about in the districts, if 
they receive you, eat what they will set before 
you, and heal the sick among them. For what 
goes into your mouth will not defile you, but 
that which issues from your mouth - it is that 
which will defile you." 

(15) Jesus said, "When you see one who was not 
born of woman, prostrate yourselves on your 
faces and worship him. That one is your 
father." 

(16) Jesus said, "Men think, perhaps, that it is 
peace which I have come to cast upon the 
world. They do not know that it is dissension 
which I have come to cast upon the earth: fire, 
sword, and war. For there will be five in a 
house: three will be against two, and two 
against three, the father against the son, and 
the son against the father. And they will stand 
solitary." 

(17) Jesus said, "I shall give you what no eye 
has seen and what no ear has heard and what 
no hand has touched and what has never 
occurred to the human mind." 

(18) The disciples said to Jesus, "Tell us how 
our end will be." 

Jesus said, "Have you discovered, then, the 
beginning, that you look for the end? For where 
the beginning is, there will the end be. Blessed 
is he who will take his place in the beginning; 
he will know the end and will not experience 
death." 

(19) Jesus said, "Blessed is he who came into 
being before he came into being. If you become 
my disciples and listen to my words, these 
stones will minister to you. For there are five 
trees for you in Paradise which remain 
undisturbed summer and winter and whose 
leaves do not fall. Whoever becomes 



acquainted with them will not experience 
death." 

(20) The disciples said to Jesus, "Tell us what 
the kingdom of heaven is like." 

He said to them, "It is like a mustard seed. It is 
the smallest of all seeds. But when it falls on 
tilled soil, it produces a great plant and 
becomes a shelter for birds of the sky." 

(21) Mary said to Jesus, "Whom are your 
disciples like?" 

He said, "They are like children who have 
settled in a field which is not theirs. When the 
owners of the field come, they will say, 'Let us 
have back our field. 1 They (will) undress in 
their presence in order to let them have back 
their field and to give it back to them. Therefore 
I say, if the owner of a house knows that the 
thief is coming, he will begin his vigil before he 
comes and will not let him dig through into his 
house of his domain to carry away his goods. 
You, then, be on your guard against the world. 
Arm yourselves with great strength lest the 
robbers find a way to come to you, for the 
difficulty which you expect will (surely) 
materialize. Let there be among you a man of 
understanding. When the grain ripened, he 
came quickly with his sickle in his hand and 
reaped it. Whoever has ears to hear, let him 
hear." 

(22) Jesus saw infants being suckled. He said to 
his disciples, "These infants being suckled are 
like those who enter the kingdom." 

They said to him, "Shall we then, as children, 
enter the kingdom?" 

Jesus said to them, "When you make the two 
one, and when you make the inside like the 
outside and the outside like the inside, and the 
above like the below, and when you make the 
male and the female one and the same, so that 
the male not be male nor the female female; 
and when you fashion eyes in the place of an 
eye, and a hand in place of a hand, and a foot in 
place of a foot, and a likeness in place of a 
likeness; then will you enter the kingdom." 

(23) Jesus said, "I shall choose you, one out of a 
thousand, and two out of ten thousand, and 
they shall stand as a single one." 

(24) His disciples said to him, "Show us the 
place where you are, since it is necessary for us 
to seek it." 



83 



He said to them, "Whoever has ears, let him 
hear. There is light within a man of light, and 
he lights up the whole world. If he does not 
shine, he is darkness." 

(25) Jesus said, "Love your brother like your 
soul, guard him like the pupil of your eye." 

(26) Jesus said, "You see the mote in your 
brother's eye, but you do not see the beam in 
your own eye. When you cast the beam out of 
your own eye, then you will see clearly to cast 
the mote from your brother's eye." 

(27) <Jesus said,> "If you do not fast as regards 
the world, you will not find the kingdom. If 
you do not observe the Sabbath as a Sabbath, 
you will not see the father." 

(28) Jesus said, "I took my place in the midst of 
the world, and I appeared to them in flesh. I 
found all of them intoxicated; I found none of 
them thirsty. And my soul became afflicted for 
the sons of men, because they are blind in their 
hearts and do not have sight; for empty they 
came into the world, and empty too they seek 
to leave the world. But for the moment they are 
intoxicated. When they shake off their wine, 
then they will repent." 

(29) Jesus said, "If the flesh came into being 
because of spirit, it is a wonder. But if spirit 
came into being because of the body, it is a 
wonder of wonders. Indeed, I am amazed at 
how this great wealth has made its home in this 
poverty." 

(30) Jesus said, "Where there are three gods, 
they are gods. Where there are two or one, I am 
with him." 

(31) Jesus said, "No prophet is accepted in his 
own village; no physician heals those who 
know him." 

(32) Jesus said, "A city being built on a high 
mountain and fortified cannot fall, nor can it be 
hidden." 

(33) Jesus said, "Preach from your housetops 
that which you will hear in your ear. For no 
one lights a lamp and puts it under a bushel, 
nor does he put it in a hidden place, but rather 
he sets it on a lampstand so that everyone who 
enters and leaves will see its light." 

(34) Jesus said, "If a blind man leads a blind 
man, they will both fall into a pit." 

(35) Jesus said, "It is not possible for anyone to 
enter the house of a strong man and take it by 



force unless he binds his hands; then he will (be 
able to) ransack his house." 

(36) Jesus said, "Do not be concerned from 
morning until evening and from evening until 
morning about what you will wear." 

(37) His disciples said, "When will you become 
revealed to us and when shall we see you?" 

Jesus said, "When you disrobe without being 
ashamed and take up your garments and place 
them under your feet like little children and 
tread on them, then will you see the son of the 
living one, and you will not be afraid" 

(38) Jesus said, "Many times have you desired 
to hear these words which I am saying to you, 
and you have no one else to hear them from. 
There will be days when you will look for me 
and will not find me." 

(39) Jesus said, "The pharisees and the scribes 
have taken the keys of knowledge (gnosis) and 
hidden them. They themselves have not 
entered, nor have they allowed to enter those 
who wish to. You, however, be as wise as 
serpents and as innocent as doves." 

(40) Jesus said, "A grapevine has been planted 
outside of the father, but being unsound, it will 
be pulled up by its roots and destroyed." 

(41) Jesus said, "Whoever has something in his 
hand will receive more, and whoever has 
nothing will be deprived of even the little he 
has." 

(42) Jesus said, "Become passers-by." 

(43) His disciples said to him, "Who are you, 
that you should say these things to us?" 

< Jesus said to them,> "You do not realize who I 
am from what I say to you, but you have 
become like the Jews, for they (either) love the 
tree and hate its fruit (or) love the fruit and hate 
the tree." 

(44) Jesus said, "Whoever blasphemes against 
the father will be forgiven, and whoever 
blasphemes against the son will be forgiven, 
but whoever blasphemes against the holy spirit 
will not be forgiven either on earth or in 
heaven." 

(45) Jesus said, "Grapes are not harvested from 
thorns, nor are figs gathered from thistles, for 
they do not produce fruit. A good man brings 
forth good from his storehouse; an evil man 
brings forth evil things from his evil 
storehouse, which is in his heart, and says evil 



84 



things. For out of the abundance of the heart he 
brings forth evil things." 

(46) Jesus said, "Among those born of women, 
from Adam until John the Baptist, there is no 
one so superior to John the Baptist that his eyes 
should not be lowered (before him). Yet I have 
said, whichever one of you comes to be a child 
will be acquainted with the kingdom and will 
become superior to John." 

(47) Jesus said, "It is impossible for a man to 
mount two horses or to stretch two bows. And 
it is impossible for a servant to serve two 
masters; otherwise, he will honor the one and 
treat the other contemptuously. No man drinks 
old wine and immediately desires to drink new 
wine. And new wine is not put into old 
wineskins, lest they burst; nor is old wine put 
into a new wineskin, lest it spoil it. An old 
patch is not sewn onto a new garment, because 
a tear would result." 

(48) Jesus said, "If two make peace with each 
other in this one house, they will say to the 
mountain, 'Move Away, 1 and it will move 
away." 

(49) Jesus said, "Blessed are the solitary and 
elect, for you will find the kingdom. For you 
are from it, and to it you will return." 

(50) Jesus said, "If they say to you, 'Where did 
you come from?', say to them, 'We came from 
the light, the place where the light came into 
being on its own accord and established itself 
and became manifest through their image.' If 
they say to you, 'Is it you?', say, We are its 
children, we are the elect of the living father.' If 
they ask you, What is the sign of your father in 
you?', say to them, 'It is movement and 
repose. 1 " 

(51) His disciples said to him, "When will the 
repose of the dead come about, and when will 
the new world come?" 

He said to them, "What you look forward to 
has already come, but you do not recognize it." 

(52) His disciples said to him, "Twenty-four 
prophets spoke in Israel, and all of them spoke 
in you." 

He said to them, "You have omitted the one 
living in your presence and have spoken (only) 
of the dead." 

(53) His disciples said to him, "Is circumcision 
beneficial or not?" 



He said to them, "If it were beneficial, their 
father would beget them already circumcised 
from their mother. Rather, the true 
circumcision in spirit has become completely 
profitable." 

(54) Jesus said, "Blessed are the poor, for yours 
is the kingdom of heaven." 

(55) Jesus said, "Whoever does not hate his 
father and his mother cannot become a disciple 
to me. And whoever does not hate his brothers 
and sisters and take up his cross in my way will 
not be worthy of me." 

(56) Jesus said, "Whoever has come to 
understand the world has found (only) a 
corpse, and whoever has found a corpse is 
superior to the world." 

(57) Jesus said, "The kingdom of the father is 
like a man who had good seed. His enemy 
came by night and sowed weeds among the 
good seed. The man did not allow them to pull 
up the weeds; he said to them, 'I am afraid that 
you will go intending to pull up the weeds and 
pull up the wheat along with them.' For on the 
day of the harvest the weeds will be plainly 
visible, and they will be pulled up and burned." 

(58) Jesus said, "Blessed is the man who has 
suffered and found life." 

(59) Jesus said, "Take heed of the living one 
while you are alive, lest you die and seek to see 
him and be unable to do so." 

(60) <They saw> a Samaritan carrying a lamb 
on his way to Judea. He said to his disciples, 
"That man is round about the lamb." 

They said to him, "So that he may kill it and eat 
it." 

He said to them, "While it is alive, he will not 
eat it, but only when he has killed it and it has 
become a corpse." 

They said to him, "He cannot do so otherwise." 

He said to them, "You too, look for a place for 
yourself within repose, lest you become a 
corpse and be eaten." 

(61) Jesus said, "Two will rest on a bed: the one 
will die, and the other will live." 

Salome said, "Who are you, man, that you ... 
have come up on my couch and eaten from my 
table?" 

Jesus said to her, "I am he who exists from the 
undivided. I was given some of the things of 
my father." 



85 



<...> "I am your disciple." 

<...> "Therefore I say, if he is destroyed, he will 
be filled with light, but if he is divided, he will 
be filled with darkness." 

(62) Jesus said, "It is to those who are worthy of 
my mysteries that I tell my mysteries. Do not 
let your left (hand) know what your right 
(hand) is doing." 

(63) Jesus said, "There was a rich man who had 
much money. He said, 'I shall put my money to 
use so that I may sow, reap, plant, and fill my 
storehouse with produce, with the result that I 
shall lack nothing.' Such were his intentions, 
but that same night he died. Let him who has 
ears hear." 

(64) Jesus said, "A man had received visitors. 
And when he had prepared the dinner, he sent 
his servant to invite the guests. 

He went to the first one and said to him, 'My 
master invites you. 1 He said, 'I have claims 
against some merchants. They are coming to 
me this evening. I must go and give them my 
orders. I ask to be excused from the dinner.' 

He went to another and said to him, 'My 
master has invited you.' He said to him, 'I have 
just bought a house and am required for the 
day. I shall not have any spare time.' 

He went to another and said to him, 'My 
master invites you.' He said to him, 'My friend 
is going to get married, and I am to prepare the 
banquet. I shall not be able to come. I ask to be 
excused from the dinner.' 

He went to another and said to him, 'My 
master invites you.' He said to him, 'I have just 
bought a farm, and I am on my way to collect 
the rent. I shall not be able to come. I ask to be 
excused.' 

The servant returned and said to his master, 
'Those whom you invited to the dinner have 
asked to be excused. 1 The master said to his 
servant, 'Go outside to the streets and bring 
back those whom you happen to meet, so that 
they may dine.' Businessmen and merchants 
will not enter the places of my father." 

(65) He said, "There was a good man who 
owned a vineyard. He leased it to tenant 
farmers so that they might work it and he 
might collect the produce from them. He sent 
his servant so that the tenants might give him 
the produce of the vineyard. They seized his 
servant and beat him, all but killing him. The 



servant went back and told his master. The 
master said, 'Perhaps he did not recognize 
them.' He sent another servant. The tenants 
beat this one as well. Then the owner sent his 
son and said, 'Perhaps they will show respect to 
my son.' Because the tenants knew that it was 
he who was the heir to the vineyard, they 
seized him and killed him. Let him who has 
ears hear." 

(66) Jesus said, "Show me the stone which the 
builders have rejected. That one is the 
cornerstone." 

(67) Jesus said, "If one who knows the all still 
feels a personal deficiency, he is completely 
deficient." 

(68) Jesus said, "Blessed are you when you are 
hated and persecuted. Wherever you have been 
persecuted they will find no place." 

(69) Jesus said, "Blessed are they who have 
been persecuted within themselves. It is they 
who have truly come to know the father. 
Blessed are the hungry, for the belly of him 
who desires will be filled." 

(70) Jesus said, "That which you have will save 
you if you bring it forth from yourselves. That 
which you do not have within you will kill you 
if you do not have it within you." 

(71) Jesus said, "I shall destroy this house, and 
no one will be able to build it [...]." 

(72) A man said to him, "Tell my brothers to 
divide my father's possessions with me." 

He said to him, "O man, who has made me a 
divider?" 

He turned to his disciples and said to them, "I 
am not a divider, am I?" 

(73) Jesus said, "The harvest is great but the 
laborers are few. Beseech the Lord, therefore, to 
send out laborers to the harvest." 

(74) He said, "O Lord, there are many around 
the drinking trough, but there is nothing in the 
cistern." 

(75) Jesus said, "Many are standing at the door, 
but it is the solitary who will enter the bridal 
chamber." 

(76) Jesus said, "The kingdom of the father is 
like a merchant who had a consignment of 
merchandise and who discovered a pearl. That 
merchant was shrewd. He sold the 
merchandise and bought the pearl alone for 
himself. You too, seek his unfailing and 



8E 



enduring treasure where no moth comes near 
to devour and no worm destroys." 

(77) Jesus said, "It is I who am the light which is 
above them all. It is I who am the all. From me 
did the all come forth, and unto me did the all 
extend. Split a piece of wood, and I am there. 
Lift up the stone, and you will find me there." 

(78) Jesus said, "Why have you come out into 
the desert? To see a reed shaken by the wind? 
And to see a man clothed in fine garments like 
your kings and your great men? Upon them are 
the fine garments, and they are unable to 
discern the truth." 

(79) A woman from the crowd said to him, 
"Blessed are the womb which bore you and the 
breasts which nourished you." 

He said to her, "Blessed are those who have 
heard the word of the father and have truly 
kept it. For there will be days when you will 
say, 'Blessed are the womb which has not 
conceived and the breasts which have not 
given milk." 1 

(80) Jesus said, "He who has recognized the 
world has found the body, but he who has 
found the body is superior to the world." 

(81) Jesus said, "Let him who has grown rich be 
king, and let him who possesses power 
renounce it." 

(82) Jesus said, "He who is near me is near the 
fire, and he who is far from me is far from the 
kingdom." 

(83) Jesus said, "The images are manifest to 
man, but the light in them remains concealed in 
the image of the light of the father. He will 
become manifest, but his image will remain 
concealed by his light." 

(84) Jesus said, "When you see your likeness, 
you rejoice. But when you see your images 
which came into being before you, and which 
neither die not become manifest, how much 
you will have to bear!" 

(85) Jesus said, "Adam came into being from a 
great power and a great wealth, but he did not 
become worthy of you. For had he been 
worthy, he would not have experienced death." 

(86) Jesus said, "The foxes have their holes and 
the birds have their nests, but the son of man 
has no place to lay his head and rest." 

(87) Jesus said, "Wretched is the body that is 
dependant upon a body, and wretched is the 
soul that is dependent on these two." 



(88) Jesus said, "The angels and the prophets 
will come to you and give to you those things 
you (already) have. And you too, give them 
those things which you have, and say to 
yourselves, When will they come and take 
what is theirs?'" 

(89) Jesus said, "Why do you wash the outside 
of the cup? Do you not realize that he who 
made the inside is the same one who made the 
outside?" 

(90) Jesus said, "Come unto me, for my yoke is 
easy and my lordship is mild, and you will find 
repose for yourselves." 

(91) They said to him, "Tell us who you are so 
that we may believe in you." 

He said to them, "You read the face of the sky 
and of the earth, but you have not recognized 
the one who is before you, and you do not 
know how to read this moment." 

(92) Jesus said, "Seek and you will find. Yet, 
what you asked me about in former times and 
which I did not tell you then, now I do desire to 
tell, but you do not inquire after it." 

(93) <Jesus said,> "Do not give what is holy to 
dogs, lest they throw them on the dung-heap. 
Do not throw the pearls to swine, lest they [...] 
it [...]." 

(94) Jesus said, "He who seeks will find, and he 
who knocks will be let in." 

(95) Jesus said, "If you have money, do not lend 
it at interest, but give it to one from whom you 
will not get it back." 

(96) Jesus said, "The kingdom of the father is 
like a certain woman. She took a little leaven, 
concealed it in some dough, and made it into 
large loaves. Let him who has ears hear." 

(97) Jesus said, "The kingdom of the father is 
like a certain woman who was carrying a jar 
full of meal. While she was walking on the 
road, still some distance from home, the handle 
of the jar broke and the meal emptied out 
behind her on the road. She did not realize it; 
she had noticed no accident. When she reached 
her house, she set the jar down and found it 
empty." 

(98) Jesus said, "The kingdom of the father is 
like a certain man who wanted to kill a 
powerful man. In his own house he drew his 
sword and stuck it into the wall in order to find 
out whether his hand could carry through. 
Then he slew the powerful man." 



87 



(99) The disciples said to him, "Your brothers 
and your mother are standing outside." 

He said to them, "Those here who do the will of 
my father are my brothers and my mother. It is 
they who will enter the kingdom of my father." 

(100) They showed Jesus a gold coin and said to 
him, "Caesar's men demand taxes from us." 

He said to them, "Give Caesar what belongs to 
Caesar, give God what belongs to God, and 
give me what is mine." 

(101) <Jesus said,> "Whoever does not hate his 
father and his mother as I do cannot become a 
disciple to me. And whoever does not love his 
father and his mother as I do cannot become a 
disciple to me. For my mother [...], but my true 
mother gave me life." 

(102) Jesus said, "Woe to the pharisees, for they 
are like a dog sleeping in the manger of oxen, 
for neither does he eat nor does he let the oxen 
eat." 

(103) Jesus said, "Fortunate is the man who 
knows where the brigands will enter, so that he 
may get up, muster his domain, and arm 
himself before they invade." 

(104) They said to Jesus, "Come, let us pray 
today and let us fast." 

Jesus said, "What is the sin that I have 
committed, or wherein have I been defeated? 
But when the bridegroom leaves the bridal 
chamber, then let them fast and pray." 

(105) Jesus said, "He who knows the father and 
the mother will be called the son of a harlot." 

(106) Jesus said, "When you make the two one, 
you will become the sons of man, and when 
you say, 'Mountain, move away,' it will move 
away." 

(107) Jesus said, "The kingdom is like a 
shepherd who had a hundred sheep. One of 
them, the largest, went astray. He left the 



ninety-nine sheep and looked for that one until 
he found it. When he had gone to such trouble, 
he said to the sheep, 'I care for you more than 
the ninety-nine.'" 

(108) Jesus said, "He who will drink from my 
mouth will become like me. I myself shall 
become he, and the things that are hidden will 
be revealed to him." 

(109) Jesus said, "The kingdom is like a man 
who had a hidden treasure in his field without 
knowing it. And after he died, he left it to his 
son. The son did not know (about the treasure). 
He inherited the field and sold it. And the one 
who bought it went plowing and found the 
treasure. He began to lend money at interest to 
whomever he wished." 

(110) Jesus said, "Whoever finds the world and 
becomes rich, let him renounce the world." 

(111) Jesus said, "The heavens and the earth 
will be rolled up in your presence. And the one 
who lives from the living one will not see 
death." Does not Jesus say, "Whoever finds 
himself is superior to the world?" 

(112) Jesus said, "Woe to the flesh that depends 
on the soul; woe to the soul that depends on the 
flesh." 

(113) His disciples said to him, "When will the 
kingdom come?" 

<Jesus said,> "It will not come by waiting for it. 
It will not be a matter of saying 'here it is' or 
'there it is. 1 Rather, the kingdom of the father is 
spread out upon the earth, and men do not see 
it." 

(114) Simon Peter said to him, "Let Mary leave 
us, for women are not worthy of life." 

Jesus said, "I myself shall lead her in order to 
make her male, so that she too may become a 
living spirit resembling you males. For every 
woman who will make herself male will enter 
the kingdom of heaven." 



The Gospel According to Thomas 



88 



The Gospel of Thomas 



CODEX II 

Translated by Stephen J. Patterson and James M. Robinson 

Original translation by the Berlin Working Group for Coptic Gnostic Writings. 
Taken from Synopsis Quattuor Evangelorium, 2nd corrected printing, 1997. 
As modified by Stephen J. Patterson and James M. Robinson in: 
Patterson, Robinson, and Bethge, The Fifth Gospel, Trinity Press International, 1998. 
Prepared by Michael W. Grondin, July, 2000 

These are the hidden words that the living Jesus spoke. And Didymos Judas Thomas wrote them 
down. 

(01) And he said: "Whoever finds the meaning of these words will not taste death." 

(02) Jesus says: 

(1) "The one who seeks should not cease seeking until he finds. 

(2) And when he finds, he will be dismayed. 

(3) And when he is dismayed, he will be astonished. 

(4) And he will be king over the All." 

(03) Jesus says: 

(1) "If those who lead you say to you: 'Look, the kingdom is in the sky!' then the birds of the sky 
will precede you. 

(2) If they say to you: 'It is in the sea/ then the fishes will precede you. 

(3) Rather, the kingdom is inside of you, and outside of you." 

(4) "When you come to know yourselves, then you will be known, and you will realize that you 
are the children of the living Father. 

(5) But if you do not come to know yourselves, then you exist in poverty, and you are poverty." 

(04) Jesus says: 

(1) "The person old in his days will not hesitate to ask a child seven days old about the place of 
life, and he will live. 

(2) For many who are first will become last, (3) and they will become a single one." 

(05) Jesus says: 

(1) "Come to know what is in front of you, and that which is hidden from you will become clear to 
you. 

(2) For there is nothing hidden that will not become manifest." 
(06) 

(1) His disciples questioned him, (and) they said to him: "Do you want us to fast? And how should 
we pray and give alms? And what diet should we observe?" 

(2) Jesus says: "Do not lie. (3) And do not do what you hate. 

(4) For everything is disclosed in view of <the truth>. 

(5) For there is nothing hidden that will not become revealed. 

(6) And there is nothing covered that will remain undisclosed." 

(07) Jesus says: 

(1) "Blessed is the lion that a person will eat and the lion will become human. 

(2) And anathema is the person whom a lion will eat and the lion will become human." 



89 



(08) 

(1) And he says: "The human being is like a sensible fisherman who cast his net into the sea and 
drew it up from the sea filled with little fish. 

(2) Among them the sensible fisherman found a large, fine fish. 

(3) He threw all the little fish back into the sea, (and) he chose the large fish effortlessly. 

(4) Whoever has ears to hear should hear." 

(09) Jesus says: 

(1) "Look, a sower went out. He filled his hands (with seeds), (and) he scattered (them). 

(2) Some fell on the path, and the birds came and pecked them up. 

(3) Others fell on the rock, and did not take root in the soil, and they did not put forth ears. 

(4) And others fell among the thorns, they choked the seeds, and worms ate them. 

(5) And others fell on good soil, and it produced good fruit. It yielded sixty per measure and one 
hundred twenty per measure." 

(10) Jesus says: "I have cast fire upon the world, and see, I am guarding it until it blazes." 

(11) Jesus says: 

(1) "This heaven will pass away, and the (heaven) above it will pass away. 

(2) And the dead are not alive, and the living will not died. 

(3) In the days when you consumed what was dead, you made it alive. When you are in the light, 
what will you do? 

(4) On the day when you were one, you became two. But when you become two, what will you 
do? 

(12) 

(1) The disciples said to Jesus: "We know that you will depart from us. Who (then) will rule [lit., 
'be great'] over us?" 

(2) Jesus said to them: "No matter where you came from, you should go to James the Just, for 
whose sake heaven and earth came into being." 

(13) 

(1) Jesus said to his disciples: "Compare me, and tell me whom I am like." 

(2) Simon Peter said to him: "You are like a just messenger." 

(3) Matthew said to him: "You are like an (especially) wise philosopher." 

(4) Thomas said to him: "Teacher, my mouth will not bear at all to say whom you are like." 

(5) Jesus said: "I am not your teacher. For you have drunk, you have become intoxicated at the 
bubbling spring that I have measured out." 

(6) And he took him, (and) withdrew, (and) he said three words to him. 

(7) But when Thomas came back to his companions, they asked him: "What did Jesus say to you?" 

(8) Thomas said to them: "If I tell you one of the words he said to me, you will pick up stones and 
throw them at me, and fire will come out of the stones (and) burn you up." 

(14) Jesus said to them: 

(1) "If you fast, you will bring forth sin for yourselves. 

(2) And if you pray, you will be condemned. 

(3) And if you give alms, you will do harm to your spirits. 

(4) And if you go into any land and wander from place to place, (and) if they take you in, (then) 
eat what they will set before you. Heal the sick among them! 

(5) For what goes into your mouth will not defile you. Rather, what comes out of your mouth will 
defile you." 



go 



(15) Jesus says: "When you see one who was not born of woman, fall on your face (and) worship 
him. That one is your Father." 

(16) Jesus says: 

(1) "Perhaps people think that I have come to cast peace upon the earth. 

(2) But they do not know that I have come to cast dissension upon the earth: fire, sword, war. 

(3) For there will be five in one house: there will be three against two and two against three, father 
against son and son against father. 

(4) And they will stand as solitary ones." 

(17) Jesus says: "I will give you what no eye has seen, and what no ear has heard, and what no 
hand has touched, and what has not occurred to the human mind." 

(18) 

(1) The disciples said to Jesus: "Tell us how our end will be." 

(2) Jesus said: "Have you already discovered the beginning that you are now asking about the 
end? For where the beginning is, there the end will be too. 

(3) Blessed is he who will stand at the beginning. And he will know the end, and he will not taste 
death." 

(19) Jesus says: (l)"Blessed is he who was, before he came into being. 

(2) If you become disciples of mine (and) listen to my words, these stones will serve you. 

(3) For you have five trees in Paradise that do not change during summer (and) winter, and their 
leaves do not fall. (4) Whoever comes to know them will not taste death." 

(20) 

(1) The disciples said to Jesus: "Tell us whom the kingdom of heaven is like!" 

(2) He said to them: "It is like a mustard seed. (3) <It> is the smallest of all seeds. 

(4) But when it falls on cultivated soil, it produces a large branch 
(and) becomes shelter for the birds of the sky." 

(21) 

(1) Mary said to Jesus: "Whom are your disciples like?" 

(2) He said: "They are like servants who are entrusted with a field that is not theirs. 

(3) When the owners of the field arrive, they will say: 'Let us have our field.' 

(4) (But) they are naked in their presence so as to let them have it (and thus) to give them their 
field." 

(5) "That is why I say: 'When the master of the house learns that the thief is about to come, he will 
be on guard before he comes (and) will not let him break into his house, his domain, to carry away 
his possessions.' 

(6) (But) you, be on guard against the world! 

(7) Gird your loins with great strength, so that the robbers will not find a way to get to you." 

(8) "For the necessities for which you wait (with longing) will be found. 

(9) There ought to be a wise person among you! 

(10) When the fruit was ripe, he came quickly with his sickle in his hand, (and) he harvested it. 

(11) Whoever has ears to hear should hear." 

(22) 

(1) Jesus saw infants being suckled. 

(2) He said to his disciples: "These little ones being suckled are like those who enter the kingdom." 

(3) They said to him: "Then will we enter the kingdom as little ones?" 



91 



(4) Jesus said to them: "When you make the two into one, and when you make the inside like the 
outside and the outside like the inside and the above like the below - 

(5) that is, to make the male and the female into a single one, so that the male will not be male and 
the female will not be female - 

(6) and when you make eyes instead of an eye 

and a hand instead of a hand and a foot instead of a foot, an image instead of an image, (7) then 
you will enter [the kingdom]." 

(23) Jesus says: 

(1) "I will choose you, one from a thousand and two from ten thousand. 

(2) And they will stand as a single one." 

(24) 

(1) His disciples said: "Show us the place where you are, because it is necessary for us to seek it. 

(2) He said to them: "Whoever has ears should hear! 

(3) Light exists inside a person of light, and he shines on the whole world. If he does not shine, 
there is darkness." 

(25) Jesus says: 

(1) "Love your brother like your life! 

(2) Protect him like the apple of your eye!" 

(26) Jesus says: 

(1) "You see the splinter that is in your brother's eye, but you do not see the beam that is in your 
(own) eye. 

(2) When you remove the beam from your (own) eye, then you will see clearly (enough) to remove 
the splinter from your brother's eye." 

(27) 

(1) "If you do not abstain from the world, you will not find the kingdom. 

(2) If you do not make the Sabbath into a Sabbath, you will not see the Father." 

(28) Jesus says: 

(1) "I stood in the middle of the world, and in flesh I appeared to them. 

(2) I found all of them drunk. None of them did I find thirsty. 

(3) And my soul ached for the children of humanity, because they are blind in their heart, and they 
cannot see; for they came into the world empty, (and) they also seek to depart from the world 
empty. 

(4) But now they are drunk. (But) when they shake off their wine, then they will change their 
mind." 

(29) Jesus says: 

(1) "If the flesh came into being because of the spirit, it is a wonder. 

(2) But if the spirit (came into being) because of the body, it is a wonder of wonders. 

(3) Yet I marvel at how this great wealth has taken up residence in this poverty." 

(30) Jesus says: 

(1) "Where there are three gods, they are gods. 

(2) Where there are two or one, I am with him." 



9E 



(31) Jesus says: 

(1) "No prophet is accepted in his (own) village. 

(2) A physician does not heal those who know him." 

(32) Jesus says: "A city built upon a high mountain (and) fortified cannot fall, nor can it be 
hidden." 

(33) Jesus says: 

(1) "What you will hear with your ear {with the other ear} proclaim from your rooftops. 

(2) For no one lights a lamp (and) puts it under a bushel, nor does he put it in a hidden place. 

(3) Rather, he puts it on a lampstand, so that everyone who comes in and goes out will see its 
light." 

(34) Jesus says: "If a blind (person) leads a blind (person), both will fall into a pit." 

(35) Jesus says: 

(1) "It is not possible for someone to enter the house of a strong (person) (and) take it by force 
unless he binds his hands. 

(2) Then he will loot his house." 

(36) Jesus says: "Do not worry from morning to evening and from evening to morning about what 
you will wear." 

(37) 

(1) His disciples said: "When will you appear to us, and when will we see you?" 

(2) Jesus said: "When you undress without being ashamed and take your clothes (and) put them 
under your feet like little children (and) trample on them, 

(3) then [you] will see the son of the Living One, and you will not be afraid." 

(38) Jesus says: 

(1) "Many times have you desired to hear these words, these that I am speaking to you, and you 
have no one else from whom to hear them. 

(2) There will be days when you will seek me (and) you will not find me." 

(39) Jesus says: 

(1) "The Pharisees and the scribes have received the keys of knowledge, (but) they have hidden 
them. 

(2) Neither have they entered, nor have they allowed to enter those who wish to. 

(3) You, however, be as shrewd as serpents and as innocent as doves!" 

(40) Jesus says: 

(1) "A grapevine was planted outside (the vineyard) of the Father. 

(2) And since it is not supported, it will be pulled up by its roots (and) will perish." 

(41) Jesus says: 

(1) "Whoever has (something) in his hand, (something more) will be given to him. 

(2) And whoever has nothing, even the little he has will be taken from him." 

(42) Jesus says: "Become passers-by." 



93 



(43) 

(1) His disciples said to him: "Who are you to say this to us?" 

(2) "Do you not realized from what I say to you who I am? 

(3) But you have become like the Jews! 
They love the tree, (but) they hate its fruit. 

Or they love the fruit, (but) they hate the tree." 

(44) Jesus says: 

(1) "Whoever blasphemes against the Father, it will be forgiven him. 

(2) And whoever blasphemes against the Son, it will be forgiven him. 

(3) But whoever blasphemes against the Holy Spirit, it will not be forgiven him, neither on earth 
nor in heaven." 

(45) Jesus says: 

(1) "Grapes are not harvested from thorns, nor are figs picked from thistles, for they do not 
produce fruit. (2) A good person brings forth good from his treasure. (3) A bad person brings 
(forth) evil from the bad treasure that is in his heart, and (in fact) he speaks evil. (4) For out of the 
abundance of the heart he brings forth evil." 

(46) Jesus says: 

(1) "From Adam to John the Baptist, among those born of women there is no one who surpasses 
John the Baptist so that his (i.e., John's) eyes need not be downcast. (2) But I have also said: 
'Whoever among you becomes little will know the kingdom, and will surpass John.'" 

(47) Jesus says: 

(1) "It is impossible for a person to mount two horses and to stretch two bows. (2) And it is 
impossible for a servant to serve two masters. Else he will honor the one and insult the other. (3) 
No person drinks old wine and immediately desires to drink new wine. (4) And new wine is not 
put into old wineskins, so that they do not burst; nor is old wine put into (a) new wineskin, so that 
it does not spoil it. (5) An old patch is not sewn onto a new garment, because a tear will result." 

(48) Jesus says: "If two make peace with one another in one and the same house, (then) they will 
say to the mountain: 'Move away,' and it will move away." 

(49) Jesus says: 

(1) "Blessed are the solitary ones, the elect. For you will find the kingdom. 

(2) For you come from it (and) will return to it." 

(50) Jesus says: 

(1) If they say to you: 'Where do you come from?' (then) say to them: 'We have come from the 
light, the place where the light has come into being by itself, has established [itself] and has 
appeared in their image.' 

(2) If they say to you: 'Is it you?' (then) say: 'We are his children, and we are the elect of the living 
Father.' 

(3) If they ask you: 'What is the sign of your Father among you?' (then) say to them: 'It is 
movement and repose.'" 

(51) 

(1) His disciples said to him: When will the <resurrection> of the dead take place, and when will 
the new world come?" 



94 



(2) He said to them: "That (resurrection) which you are awaiting has (already) come, but you do 
not recognize it." 

(52) 

(1) His disciples said to him: "Twenty-four prophets have spoken in Israel, and all (of them) have 
spoken through you." 

(2) He said to them: "You have pushed away the living (one) from yourselves, and you have 
begun to speak of those who are dead." 

(53) 

(1) His disciples said to him: "Is circumcision beneficial, or not?" 

(2) He said to them: "If it were beneficial, their father would beget them circumcized from their 
mother. 

(3) But the true circumcision in the spirit has prevailed over everything." 

(54) Jesus says: "Blessed are the poor. For the kingdom of heaven belongs to you." 

(55) Jesus says: 

(1) "Whoever does not hate his father and his mother cannot become a disciple of mine. 

(2) And whoever does not hate his brothers and his sisters (and) will not take up his cross as I do, 
will not be worthy of me." 

(56) Jesus says: 

"Whoever has come to know the world has found a corpse. 

And whoever has found (this) corpse, of him the world is not worthy." 

(57) Jesus says: 

(1) "The kingdom of the Father is like a person who had (good) seed. 

(2) His enemy came by night. He sowed darnel among the good seed. 

(3) The person did not allow (the servants) to pull up the darnel. 

He said to them: 'Lest you go to pull up the darnel (and then) pull up the wheat along with it.' 

(4) For on the day of the harvest, the darnel will be apparent and it will be pulled up (and) 
burned." 

(58) Jesus says: "Blessed is the person who has struggled. He has found life." 

(59) Jesus says: "Look for the Living One while you are alive, 
so that you will not die (and) then seek to see him. 

And you will not be able to see (him)." 

(60) 

(1) <He saw> a Samaritan who was trying to steal a lamb while he was on his way to Judea. 

(2) He said to his disciples: "That (person) is stalking the lamb." 

(3) They said to him: "So that he may kill it (and) eat it." 

(4) He said to them: "As long as it is alive he will not eat it, but (only) when he has killed it (and) it 
has become a corpse." 

(5) They said to him: "Otherwise he cannot do it." 

(6) He said to them: "You, too, look for a place for your repose so that you may not become a 
corpse (and) get eaten." 



3 5 



(61) 

(1) Jesus said: "Two will rest on a bed. The one will die, the other will live." 

(2) Salome said: "(So) who are you, man? 

You have gotten a place on my couch as a <stranger> and you have eaten from my table." 

(3) Jesus said to her: "I am he who comes from the one who is (always) the same. 
I was given some of that which is my Father's." 

(4) "I am your disciple!" 

(5) "Therefore I say: If someone becomes <like> (God), he will become full of light. 
But if he becomes one, separated (from God), he will become full of darkness." 

(62) Jesus says: 

(1) "I tell my mysteries to those who [are worthy] of [my] mysteries." 

(2) "Whatever you right hand does, your left hand should not know what it is doing." 

(63) Jesus says: 

(1) "There was a rich person who had many possessions. 

(2) He said: T will use my possessions so that I might sow, reap, plant, 
(and) fill my storehouses with fruit so that I will not lack anything.' 

(3) This was what he was thinking in his heart. And in that night he died. 

(4) Whoever has ears should hear." 

(64) Jesus says: 

(1) "A person had guests. And when he had prepared the dinner, 
he sent his servant, so that he might invite the guests. 

(2) He came to the first (and) said to him: 'My master invites you.' 

(3) He said: T have bills for some merchants. There are coming to me this evening. I will go (and) 
give instructions to them. Excuse me from the dinner.' 

(4) He came to another (and) said to him: 'My master has invited you.' 

(5) He said to him: T have bought a house, and I have been called (away) for a day. I will not have 
time.' 

(6) He went to another (and) said to him: 'My master invites you.' 

(7) He said to him: 'My friend is going to marry, and I am the one who is going to prepare the 
meal. I will not be able to come. Excuse me from the dinner.' 

(8) He came up to another (and) said to him: 'My master invites you.' 

(9) He said to him: T have bought a village. Since I am going to collect the rent, I will not be able to 
come. Excuse me.' 

(10) The servant went away. He said to his master: 'Those whom you invited to the dinner have 
asked to be excused.' 

(11) The master said to his servant: 'Go out on the roads. Bring (back) whomever you find, so that 
they might have dinner.' 

(12) Dealers and merchants (will) not enter the places of my Father." 

(65) He said: "A [usurer] owned a vineyard. He gave it to some farmers so that they would work it 
(and) he might receive its fruit from them. (2) He sent his servant so that the farmers might give 
him the fruit of the vineyard. (3) They seized his servant, beat him, (and) almost killed him. The 
servant went (back and) told his master. 

(4) His master said: 'Perhaps <they> did not recognize <him>.' 

(5) He sent another servant, (and) the farmers beat that other one as well. 

(6) Then the master sent his son (and) said: 'Perhaps they will show respect for my son.' 

(7) (But) those farmers, since they knew that he was the heir of the vineyard, seized him (and) 
killed him. 

(8) Whoever has ears should hear." 



96 



(66) Jesus says: "Show me the stone that the builders have rejected. It is the cornerstone." 



(67) Jesus says: "Whoever knows all, if he is lacking one thing, he is (already) lacking everything." 

(68) Jesus says: 

(1) "Blessed are you when(ever) they hate you (and) persecute you. 

(2) But they (themselves) will find no place there where they have persecuted you." 

(69) Jesus says: 

(1) "Blessed are those who have been persecuted in their heart. 
They are the ones who have truly come to know the Father." 

(2) "Blessed are those who suffer from hunger so that the belly of the one who wishes (it) will be 
satisfied." 

(70) Jesus says: 

(1) "If you bring it into being within you, (then) that which you have will save you. 

(2) If you do not have it within you, (then) that which you do not have within you [will] kill you." 

(71) Jesus says: "I will [destroy this] house, and no one will be able to build it [again]." 
(72) 

(1) A [person said] to him: "Tell my brothers that they have to divide my father's possessions with 
me." 

(2) He said to him: "Man, who has made me a divider?" 

(3) He turned to his disciples (and) said to them: "I am not a divider, am I?" 

(73) Jesus says: 

(a) "The harvest is plentiful, but there are few workers. 

(b) But beg the Lord that he may send workers into the harvest." 

(74) He said: "Lord, there are many around the well, but there is nothing in the <well>." 

(75) Jesus says: "Many are standing before the door, but it is the solitary ones who will enter the 
wedding hall." 

(76) Jesus says: 

(1) "The kingdom of the Father is like a merchant who had merchandise and found a pearl. 

(2) That merchant is prudent. He sold the goods (and) bought for himself the pearl alone. 

(3) You too look for his treasure, which does not perish, (and) which stays where no moth can 
reach it to eat it, and no worm destroys it." 

(77) Jesus says: 

(1) "I am the light that is over all. I am the All. The All came forth out of me. And to me the All has 
come." 

(2) "Split a piece of wood - I am there. 

(3) Lift the stone, and you will find me there." 

(78) Jesus says: 

(1) "Why did you go out to the countryside? To see a reed shaken by the wind, 

(2) and to see a person dressed in soft clothing [like your] kings and your great/ powerful persons? 



37 



(3) They are dressed in soft clothing and will not be able to recognize the truth." 



(79) 

(1) A woman in the crowd said to him: "Hail to the womb that carried you and to the breasts that 
fed you." 

(2) He said to [her]: "Hail to those who have heard the word of the Father (and) have truly kept it. 

(3) For there will be days when you will say: 'Hail to the womb that has not conceived and to the 
breasts that have not given milk.'" 

(80) Jesus says: 

(1) "Whoever has come to know the world has found the (dead) body. 

(2) But whoever has found the (dead) body, of him the world is not worthy." 

(81) Jesus says: 

(1) "Whoever has become rich should be king. 

(2) And the one who has power should renounce (it)." 

(82) Jesus says: 

(1) "The person who is near me is near the fire. 

(2) And the person who is far from me is far from the kingdom." 

(83) Jesus says: 

(1) "The images are visible to humanity, but the light within them is hidden in the image. 

(2) {} The light of the Father will reveal itself, but his image is hidden by his light." 

(84) Jesus says: 

(1) "When you see your likeness you are full of joy. (2) But when you see your likenesses that came 
into existence before you - they neither die nor become manifest - how much will you bear?" 

(85) Jesus says: 

(1) "Adam came from a great power and a great wealth. But he did not become worthy of you. 

(2) For if he had been worthy, (then) [he would] not [have tasted] death." 

(86) Jesus says: 

(1) "[Foxes have] their holes and birds have their nest. 

(2) But the son of man has no place to lay his head down (and) to rest." 

(87) Jesus says: 

(1) "Wretched is the body that depends on a body. 

(2) And wretched is the soul that depends on these two." 

(88) Jesus says: 

(1) "The messengers and the prophets are coming to you, and they will give you what belongs to 
you. 

(2) And you, in turn, give to them what you have in your hands (and) say to yourselves: 
'When will they come (and) take what belongs to them?'" 



98 



(89) Jesus says: 

(1) "Why do you wash the outside of the cup? 

(2) Do you not understand that the one who created the inside is also the one who created the 
outside?" 

(90) Jesus says: 

(1) "Come to me, for my yoke is gentle and my lordship is mild. 

(2) And you will find repose for yourselves." 

(91) 

(1) They said to him: "Tell us who you are so that we may believe in you." 

(2) He said to them: "You examine the face of sky and earth, 
but the one who is before you, you have not recognized, 
and you do not know how to test this opportunity." 

(92) Jesus says: 

(1) "Seek and you will find. 

(2) But the things you asked me about in past times, 
and what I did not tell you in that day, 

now I am willing to tell you, but you do not seek them." 

(93) 

(1) "Do not give what is holy to the dogs, lest they throw it upon the dunghill. 

(2) Do not throw pearls to swine, lest they turn <them> into [mud]." 

(94) Jesus [says]: 

(1) "The one who seeks will find. 

(2) [The one who knocks], to that one will it be opened." 

(95) [Jesus says:] 

(1) "If you have money, do not lend (it) out at interest. 

(2) Rather, give [it] to the one from whom you will not get it (back)." 

(96) Jesus [says]: 

(1) "The kingdom of the Father is like [a] woman. 

(2) She took a little bit of yeast. [She] hid it in dough (and) made it into huge loaves of bread. 

(3) Whoever has ears should hear."" 

(97) Jesus says: 

(1) "The kingdom of the [Father] is like a woman who is carrying a [jar] filled with flour. 

(2) While she was walking on [the] way, very distant (from home), 
the handle of the jar broke (and) the flour leaked out [on] the path. 

(3) (But) she did not know (it); she had not noticed a problem. 

(4) When she reached her house, she put the jar down on the floor (and) found it empty." 

(98) Jesus says: 

(1) "The kingdom of the Father is like a person who wanted to kill a powerful person. 

(2) He drew the sword in his house (and) stabbed it into the wall to test whether his hand would 
be strong (enough). 

(3) Then he killed the powerful one." 



99 



(99) 

(1) The disciples said to him: "Your brothers and your mother are standing outside." 

(2) He said to them: "Those here, who do the will of my Father, they are my brothers and my 
mother. 

(3) They are the ones who will enter the kingdom of my Father." 
(100) 

(1) They showed Jesus a gold coin and said to him: "Caesar's people demand taxes from us." 

(2) He said to them: "Give Caesar (the things) that are Caesar's. 

(3) Give God (the things) that are God's. 

(4) And what is mine give me." 

(101) 

(1) "Whoever does not hate his [father] and his mother as I do will not be able to be a [disciple] of 
mine. 

(2) And whoever does [not] love [his father] and his mother as I do will not be able to be a 
[disciple] of mine. 

(3) For my mother [...], but my true [mother] gave me life." 

(102) Jesus says: "Woe to them, the Pharisees, for they are like a dog sleeping in a cattle trough, for 
it neither eats nor [lets] the cattle eat." 

(103) Jesus says: "Blessed is the person who knows at which point (of the house) the robbers are 
going to enter, so that [he] may arise to gather together his [domain] and gird his loins before they 
enter." 

(104) 

(1) They said to [Jesus]: "Come, let us pray and fast today!" 

(2) Jesus said: "What sin is it that I have committed, or wherein have I been overcome? 

(3) But when the bridegroom comes out of the wedding chamber, then let (us) fast and pray." 

(105) Jesus says: "Whoever will come to know father and mother, he will be called son of a whore." 

(106) Jesus says: 

(1) "When you make the two into one, you will become sons of man. 

(2) And when you say 'Mountain, move away,' it will move away." 

(107) Jesus says: 

(1) "The kingdom is like a shepherd who had a hundred sheep. 

(2) One of them went astray, the largest. He left the ninety-nine, (and) he sought the one until he 
found it. 

(3) After he had toiled, he said to the sheep: T love you more than the ninety-nine.'" 

(108) Jesus says: 

(1) "Whoever will drink from my mouth will become like me. 

(2) I myself will become he, 

(3) and what is hidden will be revealed to him." 

(109) Jesus says: 

(1) "The kingdom is like a person who has a hidden treasure in his field, (of which) he knows 



1 DO 



nothing. 

(2) And [after] he had died, he left it to his [son]. (But) the son did not know (about it either). 
He took over that field (and) sold [it] . 

(3) And the one who had bought it came, and while he was ploughing [he found] the treasure. 
He began to lend money at interest to whom he wished." 

(110) Jesus says: "The one who has found the world (and) has become wealthy should renounce 
the world." 

(111) Jesus says: 

(1) "The heavens will roll up before you, and the earth. 

(2) And whoever is living from the living one will not see death." 

(3) Does not Jesus say: "Whoever has found himself, of him the world is not worthy"? 

(112) Jesus says: 

(1) "Woe to the flesh that depends on the soul. 

(2) Woe to the soul that depends on the flesh." 

(113) 

(1) His disciples said to him: "The kingdom - on what day will it come?" 

(2) "It will not come by watching (and waiting for) it. 

(3) They will not say: 'Look, here!' or 'Look, there!' 

(4) Rather, the kingdom of the Father is spread out upon the earth, and people do not see it." 

(1) Simon Peter said to them: "Let Mary go away from us, for women are not worthy of life." 

(2) Jesus said: "Look, I will draw her in so as to make her male, so that she too may become a 
living male spirit, similar to you." 

(3) (But I say to you): "Every woman who makes herself male will enter the kingdom of heaven." 



The Gospel According to Thomas 



The Gospel of Philip 



CODEX II 
Translated by Wesley W. Isenberg 

Selection made from James M. Robinson, ed., The Nag Hammadi Library, revised edition. HarperCollins, San Francisco, 1990. 

A Hebrew makes another Hebrew, and such a person is called "proselyte". But a proselyte does 
not make another proselyte. [...] just as they [...] and make others like themselves, while others 
simply exist. 

The slave seeks only to be free, but he does not hope to acquire the estate of his master. But the son 
is not only a son but lays claim to the inheritance of the father. Those who are heirs to the dead are 
themselves dead, and they inherit the dead. Those who are heirs to what is living are alive, and 
they are heirs to both what is living and the dead. The dead are heirs to nothing. For how can he 
who is dead inherit? If he who is dead inherits what is living he will not die, but he who is dead 
will live even more. 

A Gentile does not die, for he has never lived in order that he may die. He who has believed in the 
truth has found life, and this one is in danger of dying, for he is alive. Since Christ came, the world 
has been created, the cities adorned, the dead carried out. When we were Hebrews, we were 
orphans and had only our mother, but when we became Christians, we had both father and 
mother. 

Those who sow in winter reap in summer. The winter is the world, the summer the other Aeon 
(eternal realm). Let us sow in the world that we may reap in the summer. Because of this, it is 
fitting for us not to pray in the winter. Summer follows winter. But if any man reap in winter he 
will not actually reap but only pluck out, since it will not provide a harvest for such a person. It is 
not only [...] that it will [...] come forth, but also on the Sabbath [...] is barren. 

Christ came to ransom some, to save others, to redeem others. He ransomed those who were 
strangers and made them his own. And he set his own apart, those whom he gave as a pledge 
according to his plan. It was not only when he appeared that he voluntarily laid down his life, but 
he voluntarily laid down his life from the very day the world came into being. Then he came first 
in order to take it, since it had been given as a pledge. It fell into the hands of robbers and was 
taken captive, but he saved it. He redeemed the good people in the world as well as the evil. 

Light and Darkness, life and death, right and left, are brothers of one another. They are 
inseparable. Because of this neither are the good good, nor evil evil, nor is life life, nor death death. 
For this reason each one will dissolve into its earliest origin. But those who are exalted above the 
world are indissoluble, eternal. 

Names given to the worldly are very deceptive, for they divert our thoughts from what is correct 
to what is incorrect. Thus one who hears the word "God" does not perceive what is correct, but 
perceives what is incorrect. So also with "the Father" and "the Son" and "the Holy Spirit" and "life" 
and "light" and "resurrection" and "the Church (Ekklesia)" and all the rest - people do not perceive 
what is correct but they perceive what is incorrect, unless they have come to know what is correct. 
The names which are heard are in the world [...] deceive. If they were in the Aeon (eternal realm), 
they would at no time be used as names in the world. Nor were they set among worldly things. 
They have an end in the Aeon. 

One single name is not uttered in the world, the name which the Father gave to the Son; it is the 
name above all things: the name of the Father. For the Son would not become Father unless he 
wore the name of the Father. Those who have this name know it, but they do not speak it. But 
those who do not have it do not know it. 

But truth brought names into existence in the world for our sakes, because it is not possible to 
learn it (truth) without these names. Truth is one single thing; it is many things and for our sakes 
to teach about this one thing in love through many things. The rulers (archons) wanted to deceive 
man, since they saw that he had a kinship with those that are truly good. They took the name of 



1 □ E 



those that are good and gave it to those that are not good, so that through the names they might 
deceive him and bind them to those that are not good. And afterward, what a favor they do for 
them! They make them be removed from those that are not good and place them among those that 
are good. These things they knew, for they wanted to take the free man and make him a slave to 
them forever. 

These are powers which [...] man, not wishing him to be saved, in order that they may [...]. For if 
man is saved, there will not be any sacrifices [...] and animals will not be offered to the powers. 
Indeed, the animals were the ones to whom they sacrificed. They were indeed offering them up 
alive, but when they offered them up, they died. As for man, they offered him up to God dead, 
and he lived. 

Before Christ came, there was no bread in the world, just as Paradise, the place were Adam was, 
had many trees to nourish the animals but no wheat to sustain man. Man used to feed like the 
animals, but when Christ came, the perfect man, he brought bread from heaven in order that man 
might be nourished with the food of man. The rulers thought that it was by their own power and 
will that they were doing what they did, but the Holy Spirit in secret was accomplishing 
everything through them as it wished. Truth, which existed since the beginning, is sown 
everywhere. And many see it being sown, but few are they who see it being reaped. 

Some said, "Mary conceived by the Holy Spirit." They are in error. They do not know what they 
are saying. When did a woman ever conceive by a woman? Mary is the virgin whom no power 
defiled. She is a great anathema to the Hebrews, who are the apostles and the apostolic men. This 
virgin whom no power defiled [...] the powers defile themselves. And the Lord would not have 
said "My Father who is in Heaven" (Mt 16:17), unless he had had another father, but he would 
have said simply "My father". 

The Lord said to the disciples, "[...] from every house. Bring into the house of the Father. But do 
not take (anything) in the house of the Father nor carry it off." 

"Jesus" is a hidden name, "Christ" is a revealed name. For this reason "Jesus" is not particular to 
any language; rather he is always called by the name "Jesus". While as for "Christ", in Syriac it is 
"Messiah", in Greek it is "Christ". Certainly all the others have it according to their own language. 
"The Nazarene" is he who reveals what is hidden. Christ has everything in himself, whether man, 
or angel, or mystery, and the Father. 

Those who say that the Lord died first and (then) rose up are in error, for he rose up first and 
(then) died. If one does not first attain the resurrection, he will not die. As God lives, he would [...]. 

No one will hide a large valuable object in something large, but many a time one has tossed 
countless thousands into a thing worth a penny. Compare the soul. It is a precious thing and it 
came to be in a contemptible body. 

Some are afraid lest they rise naked. Because of this they wish to rise in the flesh, and they do not 
know that it is those who wear the flesh who are naked. It is those who [...] to unclothe themselves 
who are not naked. "Flesh and blood shall not inherit the kingdom of God" (1 Co 15:50). What is 
this which will not inherit? This which is on us. But what is this, too, which will inherit? It is that 
which belongs to Jesus and his blood. Because of this he said "He who shall not eat my flesh and 
drink my blood has not life in him" (Jn 6:53). What is it? His flesh is the word, and his blood is the 
Holy Spirit. He who has received these has food and he has drink and clothing. I find fault with 
the others who say that it will not rise. Then both of them are at fault. You say that the flesh will 
not rise. But tell me what will rise, that we may honor you. You say the Spirit in the flesh, and it is 
also this light in the flesh. (But) this too is a matter which is in the flesh, for whatever you shall 
say, you say nothing outside the flesh. It is necessary to rise in this flesh, since everything exists in 
it. In this world, those who put on garments are better than the garments. In the Kingdom of 
Heaven, the garments are better than those that put them on. 

It is through water and fire that the whole place is purified - the visible by the visible, the hidden 
by the hidden. There are some things hidden through those visible. There is water in water, there 
is fire in chrism. 



1 U3 



Jesus took them all by stealth, for he did not appear as he was, but in the manner in which they 
would be able to see him. He appeared to them all. He appeared to the great as great. He appeared 
to the small as small. He appeared to the angels as an angel, and to men as a man. Because of this, 
his word hid itself from everyone. Some indeed saw him, thinking that they were seeing 
themselves, but when he appeared to his disciples in glory on the mount, he was not small. He 
became great, but he made the disciples great, that they might be able to see him in his greatness. 

He said on that day in the thanksgiving, "You who have joined the perfect light with the Holy 
Spirit, unite the angels with us also, as being the images." Do not despise the lamb, for without it, 
it is not possible to see the king. No one will be able to go in to the king if he is naked. 

The heavenly man has many more sons than the earthly man. If the sons of Adam are many, 
although they die, how much more the sons of the perfect man, they who do not die but are 
always begotten. The father makes a son, and the son has not the power to make a son. For he who 
has been begotten has not the power to beget, but the son gets brothers for himself, not sons. All 
who are begotten in the world are begotten in a natural way, and the others are nourished from 
the place whence they have been born. It is from being promised to the heavenly place that man 
receives nourishment. [...] him from the mouth. And had the word gone out from that place, it 
would be nourished from the mouth and it would become perfect. For it is by a kiss that the 
perfect conceive and give birth. For this reason we also kiss one another. We receive conception 
from the grace which is in one another. 

There were three who always walked with the Lord: Mary, his mother, and her sister, and 
Magdalene, the one who was called his companion. His sister and his mother and his companion 
were each a Mary. 

"The Father" and "the Son" are single names; "the Holy Spirit" is a double name. For they are 
everywhere: they are above, they are below; they are in the concealed, they are in the revealed. 
The Holy Spirit is in the revealed: it is below. It is in the concealed: it is above. 

The saints are served by evil powers, for they are blinded by the Holy Spirit into thinking that 
they are serving an (ordinary) man whenever they do so for the saints. Because of this, a disciple 
asked the Lord one day for something of this world. He said to him, "Ask your mother, and she 
will give you of the things which are another's." 

The apostles said to the disciples, "May our entire offering obtain salt." They called Sophia "salt". 
Without it, no offering is acceptable. But Sophia is barren, without child. For this reason, she is 
called "a trace of salt". Wherever they will [...] in their own way, the Holy Spirit [...], and her 
children are many. 

What the father possesses belongs to the son, and the son himself, so long as he is small, is not 
entrusted with what is his. But when he becomes a man, his father gives him all that he possesses. 

Those who have gone astray, whom the spirit begets, usually go astray also because of the Spirit. 
Thus, by one and the same breath, the fire blazes and is put out. 

Echamoth is one thing and Echmoth, another. Echamoth is Wisdom simply, but Echmoth is the 
Wisdom of death, which is the one who knows death, which is called "the little Wisdom". 

There are domestic animals, like the bull and the ass and others of this kind. Others are wild and 
live apart in the deserts. Man ploughs the field by means of the domestic animals, and from this 
he is nourished, he and the animals, whether tame or wild. Compare the perfect man. It is through 
powers which are submissive that he ploughs, preparing for everything to come into being. For it 
is because of this that the whole place stands, whether the good or the evil, the right and the left. 
The Holy Spirit shepherds everyone and rules all the powers, the "tame" ones and the "wild" ones, 
as well as those which are unique. For indeed he [...] shuts them in, in order that [...] wish, they 
will not be able to escape. 

He who has been created is beautiful, but you would <not> find his sons noble creations. If he 
were not created, but begotten, you would find that his seed was noble. But now he was created 
(and) he begot. What nobility is this? First, adultery came into being, afterward murder. And he 
was begotten in adultery, for he was the child of the Serpent. So he became a murderer, just like 



1 04 



his father, and he killed his brother. Indeed, every act of sexual intercourse which has occurred 
between those unlike one another is adultery. 

God is a dyer. As the good dyes, which are called "true", dissolve with the things dyed in them, so 
it is with those whom God has dyed. Since his dyes are immortal, they become immortal by means 
of his colors. Now God dips what he dips in water. 

It is not possible for anyone to see anything of the things that actually exist unless he becomes like 
them. This is not the way with man in the world: he sees the sun without being a sun; and he sees 
the heaven and the earth and all other things, but he is not these things. This is quite in keeping 
with the truth. But you saw something of that place, and you became those things. You saw the 
Spirit, you became spirit. You saw Christ, you became Christ. You saw the Father, you shall 
become Father. So in this place you see everything and do not see yourself, but in that place you 
do see yourself - and what you see you shall become. 

Faith receives, love gives. No one will be able to receive without faith. No one will be able to give 
without love. Because of this, in order that we may indeed receive, we believe, and in order that 
we may love, we give, since if one gives without love, he has no profit from what he has given. He 
who has received something other than the Lord is still a Hebrew. 

The apostles who were before us had these names for him: "Jesus, the Nazorean, Messiah", that is, 
"Jesus, the Nazorean, the Christ". The last name is "Christ", the first is "Jesus", that in the middle is 
"the Nazarene". "Messiah" has two meanings, both "the Christ" and "the measured". "Jesus" in 
Hebrew is "the redemption". "Nazara" is "the Truth". "The Nazarene" then, is "the Truth". "Christ" 
[...] has been measured. "The Nazarene" and "Jesus" are they who have been measured. 

When the pearl is cast down into the mud, it becomes greatly despised, nor if it is anointed with 
balsam oil will it become more precious. But it always has value in the eyes of its owner. Compare 
the Sons of God: wherever they may be, they still have value in the eyes of their Father. 

If you say, "I am a Jew," no one will be moved. If you say, "I am a Roman," no one will be 
disturbed. If you say, "I am a Greek, a barbarian, a slave, a free man," no one will be troubled. If 
you say, "I am a Christian," the [...] will tremble. Would that I might [...] like that - the person 
whose name [...] will not be able to endure hearing. 

God is a man-eater. For this reason, men are sacrificed to him. Before men were sacrificed, animals 
were being sacrificed, since those to whom they were sacrificed were not gods. 

Glass decanters and earthenware jugs are both made by means of fire. But if glass decanters break, 
they are done over, for they came into being through a breath. If earthenware jugs break, however, 
they are destroyed, for they came into being without breath. 

An ass which turns a millstone did a hundred miles walking. When it was loosed, it found that it 
was still at the same place. There are men who make many journeys, but make no progress 
towards any destination. When evening came upon them, they saw neither city nor village, 
neither human artifact nor natural phenomenon, power nor angel. In vain have the wretches 
labored. 

The eucharist is Jesus. For he is called in Syriac "Pharisatha," which is "the one who is spread out," 
for Jesus came to crucify the world. 

The Lord went into the dye works of Levi. He took seventy-two different colors and threw them 
into the vat. He took them out all white. And he said, "Even so has the Son of Man come as a 
dyer." 

As for the Wisdom who is called "the barren," she is the mother of the angels. And the companion 
of the [...] Mary Magdalene. [...] loved her more than all the disciples, and used to kiss her often on 
her mouth. The rest of the disciples [...]. They said to him "Why do you love her more than all of 
us?" The Savior answered and said to them,'Why do I not love you like her? When a blind man 
and one who sees are both together in darkness, they are no different from one another. When the 
light comes, then he who sees will see the light, and he who is blind will remain in darkness." 

The Lord said, "Blessed is he who is before he came into being. For he who is, has been and shall 
be." 

- 1 □ 5 - 



The superiority of man is not obvious to the eye, but lies in what is hidden from view. 
Consequently, he has mastery over the animals which are stronger than he is and great in terms of 
the obvious and the hidden. This enables them to survive. But if man is separated from them, they 
slay one another and bite one another. They ate one another because they did not find any food. 
But now they have found food because man tilled the soil. 

If one goes down into the water and comes up without having received anything, and says "I am a 
Christian," he has borrowed the name at interest. But if he receives the Holy Spirit, he has the 
name as a gift. He who has received a gift does not have to give it back, but of him who has 
borrowed it at interest, payment is demanded. This is the way it happens to one when he 
experiences a mystery. 

Great is the mystery of marriage! For without it, the world would not exist. Now the existence of 
the world [...], and the existence of [...] marriage. Think of the [...] relationship, for it possesses [...] 
power. Its image consists of a defilement. 

The forms of evil spirit include male ones and female ones. The males are they which unite with 
the souls which inhabit a female form, but the females are they which are mingled with those in a 
male form, though one who was disobedient. And none shall be able to escape them, since they 
detain him if he does not receive a male power or a female power, the bridegroom and the bride. 
One receives them from the mirrored bridal chamber. When the wanton women see a male sitting 
alone, they leap down on him and play with him and defile him. So also the lecherous men, when 
they see a beautiful woman sitting alone, they persuade her and compel her, wishing to defile her. 
But if they see the man and his wife sitting beside one another, the female cannot come into the 
man, nor can the male come into the woman. So if the image and the angel are united with one 
another, neither can any venture to go into the man or the woman. 

He who comes out of the world, and so can no longer be detained on the grounds that he was in 
the world, evidently is above the desire of the [...] and fear. He is master over [...]. He is superior to 
envy. If [...] comes, they seize him and throttle him. And how will this one be able to escape the 
great [...] powers? How will he be able to [...]? There are some who say, "We are faithful" in order 
that [...] the unclean spirits and the demons. For if they had the Holy Spirit, no unclean spirit 
would cleave to them. Fear not the flesh nor love it. If you fear it, it will gain mastery over you. If 
you love it, it will swallow and paralyze you. 

And so he dwells either in this world or in the resurrection or in the middle place. God forbid that 
I be found in there! In this world, there is good and evil. Its good things are not good, and its evil 
things not evil. But there is evil after this world which is truly evil - what is called "the middle". It 
is death. While we are in this world, it is fitting for us to acquire the resurrection, so that when we 
strip off the flesh, we may be found in rest and not walk in the middle. For many go astray on the 
way. For it is good to come forth from the world before one has sinned. 

There are some who neither will nor have the power to; and others who, if they will, do not profit; 
for they did not act since [...] makes them sinners. And if they do not will, justice will elude them 
in both cases: and it is always a matter of the will, not the act. 

An apostolic man in a vision saw some people shut up in a house of fire and bound with fiery [...], 
lying [...] flaming [...], them in [...] faith [...]. And he said to them, "[...] able to be saved?" [...], "They 
did not desire it. They received [...] punishment, what is called 'the [...] darkness 1 , because he [...]." 

It is from water and fire that the soul and the spirit came into being. It is from water and fire and 
light that the son of the bridal chamber (came into being). The fire is the chrism, the light is the 
fire. I am not referring to that fire which has no form, but to the other fire whose form is white, 
which is bright and beautiful, and which gives beauty. 

Truth did not come into the world naked, but it came in types and images. The world will not 
receive truth in any other way. There is a rebirth and an image of rebirth. It is certainly necessary 
to be born again through the image. Which one? Resurrection. The image must rise again through 
the image. The bridal chamber and the image must enter through the image into the truth: this is 
the restoration. Not only must those who produce the name of the Father and the Son and the 
Holy Spirit, do so, but have produced them for you. If one does not acquire them, the name 



IDE 



("Christian") will also be taken from him. But one receives the unction of the [...] of the power of 
the cross. This power the apostles called "the right and the left." For this person is no longer a 
Christian but a Christ. 

The Lord did everything in a mystery, a baptism and a chrism and a eucharist and a redemption 
and a bridal chamber. [...] he said, "I came to make the things below like the things above, and the 
things outside like those inside. I came to unite them in the place." [...] here through types [...]and 
images. 

Those who say, "There is a heavenly man and there is one above him" are wrong. For it is the first 
of these two heavenly men, the one who is revealed, that they call "the one who is below"; and he 
to whom the hidden belongs is that one who is above him. For it would be better for them to say, 
"The inner and outer, and what is outside the outer". Because of this, the Lord called destruction 
the "the outer darkness": there is not another outside of it. He said, "My Father who is in secret". 
He said, "Go into your chamber and shut the door behind you, and pray to your Father who is in 
secret" (Mt 6:6), the one who is within them all. But that which is within them all is the fullness. 
Beyond it, there is nothing else within it. This is that of which they say, "That which is above 
them". 

Before Christ, some came from a place they were no longer able to enter, and they went where 
they were no longer able to come out. Then Christ came. Those who went in, he brought out, and 
those who went out, he brought in. 

When Eve was still with Adam, death did not exist. When she was separated from him, death 
came into being. If he enters again and attains his former self, death will be no more. 

"My God, my God, why, O Lord, have you forsaken me?" (Mk 15:34). It was on the cross that he 
said these words, for he had departed from that place. 

[...] who has been begotten through him who [...] from God. 

The [...] from the dead. [...] to be, but now [...] perfect. [...] flesh, but this [...] is true flesh. [...] is not 
true, but [...] only possess an image of the true. 

A bridal chamber is not for the animals, nor is it for the slaves, nor for defiled women; but it is for 
free men and virgins. 

Through the Holy Spirit we are indeed begotten again, but we are begotten through Christ in the 
two. We are anointed through the Spirit. When we were begotten, we were united. None can see 
himself either in water or in a mirror without light. Nor again can you see in light without mirror 
or water. For this reason, it is fitting to baptize in the two, in the light and the water. Now the light 
is the chrism. 

There were three buildings specifically for sacrifice in Jerusalem. The one facing the west was 
called "The Holy". Another, facing south, was called "The Holy of the Holy". The third, facing east, 
was called "The Holy of the Holies", the place where only the high priest enters. Baptism is "the 
Holy" building. Redemption is the "Holy of the Holy". "The Holy of the Holies" is the bridal 
chamber. Baptism includes the resurrection and the redemption; the redemption (takes place) in 
the bridal chamber. But the bridal chamber is in that which is superior to [...] you will not find [...] 
are those who pray [...] Jerusalem who [...] Jerusalem, [...] those called the "Holy of the Holies" [...] 
the veil was rent, [...] bridal chamber except the image [...] above. Because of this, its veil was rent 
from top to bottom. For it was fitting for some from below to go upward. 

The powers do not see those who are clothed in the perfect light, and consequently are not able to 
detain them. One will clothe himself in this light sacramentally in the union. 

If the woman had not separated from the man, she should not die with the man. His separation 
became the beginning of death. Because of this, Christ came to repair the separation, which was 
from the beginning, and again unite the two, and to give life to those who died as a result of the 
separation, and unite them. But the woman is united to her husband in the bridal chamber. 
Indeed, those who have united in the bridal chamber will no longer be separated. Thus Eve 
separated from Adam because it was not in the bridal chamber that she united with him. 



1 07 



The soul of Adam came into being by means of a breath. The partner of his soul is the spirit. His 
mother is the thing that was given to him. His soul was taken from him and replaced by a spirit. 
When he was united (to the spirit), he spoke words incomprehensible to the powers. They envied 
him [...] spiritual partner [...] hidden [...] opportunity [...] for themselves alone [...] bridal chamber, 
so that [...]. 

Jesus appeared [...] Jordan - the fullness of the Kingdom of Heaven. He who was begotten before 
everything, was begotten anew. He who was once anointed, was anointed anew. He who was 
redeemed, in turn redeemed (others). 

Indeed, one must utter a mystery. The Father of everything united with the virgin who came 
down, and a fire shone for him on that day. He appeared in the great bridal chamber. Therefore 
his body came into being on that very day. It left the bridal chamber as one who came into being 
from the bridegroom and the bride. So Jesus established everything in it through these. It is fitting 
for each of the disciples to enter into his rest. 

Adam came into being from two virgins, from the Spirit and from the virgin earth. Christ 
therefore, was born from a virgin to rectify the Fall which occurred in the beginning. 

There are two trees growing in Paradise. The one bears animals, the other bears men. Adam ate 
from the tree which bore animals. He became an animal and he brought forth animals. For this 
reason the children of Adam worship animals. The tree [...] fruit is [...] increased. [...] ate the [...] 
fruit of the [...] bears men, [...] man. [...] God created man. [...] men create God. That is the way it is 
in the world - men make gods and worship their creation. It would be fitting for the gods to 
worship men! 

Surely what a man accomplishes depends on his abilities. For this reason, we refer to one's 
accomplishments as "abilities". Among his accomplishments are his children. They originate in a 
moment of ease. Thus his abilities determine what he may accomplish, but this ease is clearly 
evident in the children. You will find that this applies directly to the image. Here is the man made 
after the image accomplishing things with his physical strength, but producing his children with 
ease. 

In this world, the slaves serve the free. In the Kingdom of Heaven, the free will minister to the 
slaves: the children of the bridal chamber will minister to the children of the marriage. The 
children of the bridal chamber have just one name: rest. Altogether, they need take no other form, 
because they have contemplation, [...]. They are numerous [...] in the things [...] the glories [...]. 

Those [...] go down into the water. [...] out (of the water), will consecrate it, [...] they who have [...] 
in his name. For he said, "Thus we should fulfill all righteousness." (Mt 3:15) 

Those who say they will die first and then rise are in error. If they do not first receive the 
resurrection while they live, when they die they will receive nothing. So also when speaking about 
baptism they say, "Baptism is a great thing," because if people receive it they will live. 

Philip the apostle said, "Joseph the carpenter planted a garden because he needed wood for his 
trade. It was he who made the cross from the trees which he planted. His own offspring hung on 
that which he planted. His offspring was Jesus, and the planting was the cross." But the Tree of 
Life is in the middle of the Garden. However, it is from the olive tree that we got the chrism, and 
from the chrism, the resurrection. 

This world is a corpse-eater. All the things eaten in it themselves die also. Truth is a life-eater. 
Therefore no one nourished by truth will die. It was from that place that Jesus came and brought 
food. To those who so desired, he gave life, that they might not die. 

God [...] garden. Man [...] garden. There are [...] and [...] of God. [...] The things which are in [...] I 
wish. This garden is the place where they will say to me, "[...] eat this or do not eat that, just as you 
wish." In the place where I will eat all things is the Tree of Knowledge. That one killed Adam, but 
here the Tree of Knowledge made men alive. The law was the tree. It has power to give the 
knowledge of good and evil. It neither removed him from evil, nor did it set him in the good, but 
it created death for those who ate of it. For when he said, "Eat this, do not eat that", it became the 
beginning of death. 



IDS 



The chrism is superior to baptism, for it is from the word "Chrism" that we have been called 
"Christians," certainly not because of the word "baptism". And it is because of the chrism that "the 
Christ" has his name. For the Father anointed the Son, and the Son anointed the apostles, and the 
apostles anointed us. He who has been anointed possesses everything. He possesses the 
resurrection, the light, the cross, the Holy Spirit. The Father gave him this in the bridal chamber; 
he merely accepted (the gift). The Father was in the Son and the Son in the Father. This is the 
Kingdom of Heaven. 

The Lord said it well: "Some have entered the Kingdom of Heaven laughing, and they have come 
out [...] because [...] a Christian, [...]. And as soon as [...] went down into the water, he came [...] 
everything (of this world), [...] because he [...] a trifle, but [...] full of contempt for this [...] the 
Kingdom of Heaven [...] If he despises [...], and scorns it as a trifle, [...] out laughing. So it is also 
with the bread and the cup and the oil, even though there is another one superior to these. 

The world came about through a mistake. For he who created it wanted to create it imperishable 
and immortal. He fell short of attaining his desire. For the world never was imperishable, nor, for 
that matter, was he who made the world. For things are not imperishable, but sons are. Nothing 
will be able to receive imperishability if it does not first become a son. But he who has not the 
ability to receive, how much more will he be unable to give? 

The cup of prayer contains wine and water, since it is appointed as the type of the blood for which 
thanks is given. And it is full of the Holy Spirit, and it belongs to the wholly perfect man. When 
we drink this, we shall receive for ourselves the perfect man. The living water is a body. It is 
necessary that we put on the living man. Therefore, when he is about to go down into the water, 
he unclothes himself, in order that he may put on the living man. 

A horse sires a horse, a man begets man, a god brings forth a god. Compare the bridegroom and 
the bride. They have come from the [...]. No Jew [...] has existed. And [...] from the Jews. [...] 
Christians [...] these [...] are referred to as "The chosen people of [...]," and "The true man" and "Son 
of Man" and "the seed of the Son of Man". This true race is renowned in the world [...] that the 
sons of the bridal chamber dwell. 

Whereas in this world the union is one of husband with wife - a case of strength complemented by 
weakness(?) - in the Aeon (eternal realm), the form of the union is different, although we refer to 
them by the same names. There are other names, however; they are superior to every other name 
that is named and are stronger than the strong. For where there is a show of strength, there those 
who excel in strength appear. These are not separate things, but both of them are this one single 
thing. This is the one which will not be able to rise above the heart of flesh. 

Is it not necessary for all those who possess everything to know themselves? Some indeed, if they 
do not know themselves, will not enjoy what they possess. But those who have come to know 
themselves will enjoy their possessions. 

Not only will they be unable to detain the perfect man, but they will not be able to see him, for if 
they see him, they will detain him. There is no other way for a person to acquire this quality 
except by putting on the perfect light and he too becoming perfect light. He who has put it on will 
enter [...]. This is the perfect [...] that we [...] become [...] before we leave [...]. Whoever receives 
everything [...] hither [...] be able [...] that place, but will [...] the Middle as imperfect. Only Jesus 
knows the end of this person. 

The priest is completely holy, down to his very body. For if he has taken the bread, he will 
consecrate it. Or the cup or anything else that he gets, he will consecrate. Then how will he not 
consecrate the body also? 

By perfecting the water of baptism, Jesus emptied it of death. Thus we do go down into the water, 
but we do not go down into death, in order that we may not be poured out into the spirit of the 
world. When that spirit blows, it brings the winter. When the Holy Spirit breathes, the summer 
comes. 

He who has knowledge of the truth is a free man, but the free man does not sin, for "He who sins 
is the slave of sin" (Jn 8:34). Truth is the mother, knowledge the father. Those who think that 



1 09 



sinning does not apply to them are called "free" by the world. Knowledge of the truth merely 
makes such people arrogant, which is what the words, "it makes them free" mean. It even gives 
them a sense of superiority over the whole world. But "Love builds up" (1 Co 8:1). In fact, he who 
is really free, through knowledge, is a slave, because of love for those who have not yet been able 
to attain to the freedom of knowledge. Knowledge makes them capable of becoming free. Love 
never calls something its own, [...] it [...] possess [...]. It never says/This is yours" or "This is mine," 
but "All these are yours". Spiritual love is wine and fragrance. All those who anoint themselves 
with it take pleasure in it. While those who are anointed are present, those nearby also profit (from 
the fragrance). If those anointed with ointment withdraw from them and leave, then those not 
anointed, who merely stand nearby, still remain in their bad odor. The Samaritan gave nothing 
but wine and oil to the wounded man. It is nothing other than the ointment. It healed the wounds, 
for "love covers a multitude of sins" (1 P 4:8). 

The children a woman bears resemble the man who loves her. If her husband loves her, then they 
resemble her husband. If it is an adulterer, then they resemble the adulterer. Frequently, if a 
woman sleeps with her husband out of necessity, while her heart is with the adulterer with whim 
she usually has intercourse, the child she will bear is born resembling the adulterer. Now you who 
live together with the Son of God, love not the world, but love the Lord, in order that those you 
will bring forth may not resemble the world, but may resemble the Lord. 

The human being has intercourse with the human being. The horse has intercourse with the horse, 
the ass with the ass. Members of a race usually have associated with those of like race. So spirit 
mingles with spirit, and thought consorts with thought, and light shares with light. If you are born 
a human being, it is the human being who will love you. If you become a spirit, it is the spirit 
which will be joined to you. If you become thought, it is thought which will mingle with you. If 
you become light, it is the light which will share with you. If you become one of those who belong 
above, it is those who belong above who will rest upon you. If you become horse or ass or bull or 
dog or sheep, or another of the animals which are outside or below, then neither human being nor 
spirit nor thought nor light will be able to love you. Neither those who belong above nor those 
who belong within will be able to rest in you, and you have no part in them. 

He who is a slave against his will, will be able to become free. He who has become free by favor of 
his master, and has sold himself into slavery, will no longer be able to be free. 

Farming in the world requires the cooperation of four essential elements. A harvest is gathered 
into the barn only as a result of the natural action of water, earth, wind and light. God's farming 
likewise has four elements - faith, hope, love, and knowledge. Faith is our earth, that in which we 
take root. And hope is the water through which we are nourished. Love is the wind through 
which we grow. Knowledge, then, is the light through which we ripen. Grace exists in four ways: 
it is earthborn; it is heavenly; [...] the highest heaven; [...] in [...]. 

Blessed is the one who on no occasion caused a soul [...]. That person is Jesus Christ. He came to 
the whole place and did not burden anyone. Therefore, blessed is the one who is like this, because 
he is a perfect man. For the Word tells us that this kind is difficult to define. How shall we be able 
to accomplish such a great thing? How will he give everyone comfort? Above all, it is not proper 
to cause anyone distress - whether the person is great or small, unbeliever or believer - and then 
give comfort only to those who take satisfaction in good deeds. Some find it advantageous to give 
comfort to the one who has fared well. He who does good deeds cannot give comfort to such 
people, for he does not seize whatever he likes. He is unable to cause distress, however, since he 
does not afflict them. To be sure, the one who fares well sometimes causes people distress - not 
that he intends to do so; rather, it is their own wickedness which is responsible for their distress. 
He who possesses the qualities (of the perfect man) bestows joy upon the good. Some, however, 
are terribly distressed by all this. 

There was a householder who had every conceivable thing, be it son or slave or cattle or dog or 
pig or corn or barley or chaff or grass or [...] or meat and acorn. Now he was a sensible fellow, and 
he knew what the food of each one was. He served the children bread [...]. He served the slaves 
[...] and meal. And he threw barley and chaff and grass to the cattle. He threw bones to the dogs, 



1 1 □ 



and to the pigs he threw acorns and slop. Compare the disciple of God: if he is a sensible fellow, 
he understands what discipleship is all about. The bodily forms will not deceive him, but he will 
look at the condition of the soul of each one and speak with him. There are many animals in the 
world which are in a human form. When he identifies them, to the swine he will throw acorns, to 
the cattle he will throw barley and chaff and grass, to the dogs he will throw bones. To the slaves 
he will give only the elementary lessons, to the children he will give the complete instruction. 

There is the Son of Man and there is the son of the Son of Man. The Lord is the Son of Man, and 
the son of the Son of Man is he who creates through the Son of Man. The Son of Man received 
from God the capacity to create. He also has the ability to beget. He who has received the ability to 
create is a creature. He who has received the ability to beget is an offspring. He who creates cannot 
beget. He who begets also has power to create. Now they say, "He who creates begets". But his so- 
called "offspring" is merely a creature. Because of [...] of birth, they are not his offspring but [...]. 
He who creates works openly, and he himself is visible. He who begets, begets in private, and he 
himself is hidden, since [...] image. Also, he who creates, creates openly. But one who begets, 
begets children in private. 

No one can know when the husband and the wife have intercourse with one another, except the 
two of them. Indeed, marriage in the world is a mystery for those who have taken a wife. If there 
is a hidden quality to the marriage of defilement, how much more is the undefiled marriage a true 
mystery! It is not fleshly, but pure. It belongs not to desire, but to the will. It belongs not to the 
darkness or the night, but to the day and the light. If a marriage is open to the public, it has 
become prostitution, and the bride plays the harlot not only when she is impregnated by another 
man, but even if she slips out of her bedroom and is seen. Let her show herself only to her father 
and her mother, and to the friend of the bridegroom and the sons of the bridegroom. These are 
permitted to enter every day into the bridal chamber. But let the others yearn just to listen to her 
voice and to enjoy her ointment, and let them feed from the crumbs that fall from the table, like 
the dogs. Bridegrooms and brides belong to the bridal chamber. No one shall be able to see the 
bridegroom with the bride unless he become such a one. 

When Abraham [...] that he was to see what he was to see, he circumcised the flesh of the foreskin, 
teaching us that it is proper to destroy the flesh. 

Most things in the world, as long as their inner parts are hidden, stand upright and live. If they are 
revealed, they die, as is illustrated by the visible man: as long as the intestines of the man are 
hidden, the man is alive; when his intestines are exposed and come out of him, the man will die. 
So also with the tree: while its root is hidden, it sprouts and grows. If its root is exposed, the tree 
dries up. So it is with every birth that is in the world, not only with the revealed but with the 
hidden. For so long as the root of wickedness is hidden, it is strong. But when it is recognized, it is 
dissolved. When it is revealed, it perishes. That is why the Word says, "Already the axe is laid at 
the root of the trees" (Mt 3:10). It will not merely cut - what is cut sprouts again - but the ax 
penetrates deeply, until it brings up the root. Jesus pulled out the root of the whole place, while 
others did it only partially. As for ourselves, let each one of us dig down after the root of evil 
which is within one, and let one pluck it out of one's heart from the root. It will be plucked out if 
we recognize it. But if we are ignorant of it, it takes root in us and produces its fruit in our heart. It 
masters us. We are its slaves. It takes us captive, to make us do what we do not want; and what we 
do want, we do not do. It is powerful because we have not recognized it. While it exists it is active. 
Ignorance is the mother of all evil. Ignorance will result in death, because those who come from 
ignorance neither were nor are nor shall be. [...] will be perfect when all the truth is revealed. For 
truth is like ignorance: while it is hidden, it rests in itself, but when it is revealed and is 
recognized, it is praised, inasmuch as it is stronger than ignorance and error. It gives freedom. The 
Word said, "If you know the truth, the truth will make you free" (Jn 8:32). Ignorance is a slave. 
Knowledge is freedom. If we know the truth, we shall find the fruits of the truth within us. If we 
are joined to it, it will bring our fulfillment. 

At the present time, we have the manifest things of creation. We say, "The strong who are held in 
high regard are great people. And the weak who are despised are the obscure." Contrast the 
manifest things of truth: they are weak and despised, while the hidden things are strong and held 



1 1 1 



in high regard. The mysteries of truth are revealed, though in type and image. The bridal chamber, 
however, remains hidden. It is the Holy in the Holy. The veil at first concealed how God 
controlled the creation, but when the veil is rent and the things inside are revealed, this house will 
be left desolate, or rather will be destroyed. And the whole (inferior) godhead will flee from here, 
but not into the holies of the holies, for it will not be able to mix with the unmixed light and the 
flawless fullness, but will be under the wings of the cross and under its arms. This ark will be their 
salvation when the flood of water surges over them. If some belong to the order of the priesthood, 
they will be able to go within the veil with the high priest. For this reason, the veil was not rent at 
the top only, since it would have been open only to those above; nor was it rent at the bottom 
only, since it would have been revealed only to those below. But it was rent from the top to 
bottom. Those above opened to us the things below, in order that we may go in to the secret of the 
truth. This truly is what is held in high regard, (and) what is strong! But we shall go in there by 
means of lowly types and forms of weakness. They are lowly indeed when compared with the 
perfect glory. There is glory which surpasses glory. There is power which surpasses power. 
Therefore, the perfect things have opened to us, together with the hidden things of truth. The 
holies of the holies were revealed, and the bridal chamber invited us in. 

As long as it is hidden, wickedness is indeed ineffectual, but it has not been removed from the 
midst of the seed of the Holy Spirit. They are slaves of evil. But when it is revealed, then the 
perfect light will flow out on every one. And all those who are in it will receive the chrism. Then 
the slaves will be free and the captives ransomed. "Every plant which my father who is in heaven 
has not planted will be plucked out." (Mt 15:13) Those who are separated will unite [...] and will be 
filled. Every one who will enter the bridal chamber will kindle the light, for [...] just as in the 
marriages which are [...] happen at night. That fire [...] only at night, and is put out. But the 
mysteries of that marriage are perfected rather in the day and the light. Neither that day nor its 
light ever sets. If anyone becomes a son of the bridal chamber, he will receive the light. If anyone 
does not receive it while he is here, he will not be able to receive it in the other place. He who will 
receive that light will not be seen, nor can he be detained. And none shall be able to torment a 
person like this, even while he dwells in the world. And again when he leaves the world, he has 
already received the truth in the images. The world has become the Aeon (eternal realm), for the 
Aeon is fullness for him. This is the way it is: it is revealed to him alone, not hidden in the 
darkness and the night, but hidden in a perfect day and a holy light. 



The Gospel According to Philip 



The Hypostasis of the Archons 
The Reality of the Rulers 

CODEX II 

Translated by Bentley Layton 

Selection made from James M. Robinson, ed., The Nag Hammadi Library, revised edition. HarperCollins, San Francisco, 1990. 

On account of the reality of the authorities, (inspired) by the spirit of the father of truth, the great 
apostle - referring to the "authorities of the darkness" - told us that "our contest is not against flesh 
and blood; rather, the authorities of the universe and the spirits of wickedness." I have sent this (to 
you) because you inquire about the reality of the authorities. 

Their chief is blind; because of his power and his ignorance and his arrogance he said, with his 
power, "It is I who am God; there is none apart from me." When he said this, he sinned against the 
entirety. And this speech got up to incorruptibility; then there was a voice that came forth from 
incorruptibility, saying, "You are mistaken, Samael" - which is, "god of the blind." 

His thoughts became blind. And, having expelled his power - that is, the blasphemy he had 
spoken - he pursued it down to chaos and the abyss, his mother, at the instigation of Pistis Sophia. 
And she established each of his offspring in conformity with its power - after the pattern of the 
realms that are above, for by starting from the invisible world the visible world was invented. 

As incorruptibility looked down into the region of the waters, her image appeared in the waters; 
and the authorities of the darkness became enamored of her. But they could not lay hold of that 
image, which had appeared to them in the waters, because of their weakness - since beings that 
merely possess a soul cannot lay hold of those that possess a spirit - for they were from below, 
while it was from above. This is the reason why "incorruptibility looked down into the region 
(etc.)": so that, by the father's will, she might bring the entirety into union with the light. 

The rulers laid plans and said, "Come, let us create a man that will be soil from the earth." They 
modeled their creature as one wholly of the earth. Now the rulers [...] body [...] they have [...] 
female [...] is [...] with the face of a beast. They had taken some soil from the earth and modeled 
their man after their body and after the image of God that had appeared to them in the waters. 
They said, "Come, let us lay hold of it by means of the form that we have modeled, so that it may 
see its male counterpart [...], and we may seize it with the form that we have modeled" - not 
understanding the force of God, because of their powerlessness. And he breathed into his face; 
and the man came to have a soul (and remained) upon the ground many days. But they could not 
make him arise because of their powerlessness. Like storm winds they persisted (in blowing), that 
they might try to capture that image, which had appeared to them in the waters. And they did not 
know the identity of its power. 

Now all these things came to pass by the will of the father of the entirety. Afterwards, the spirit 
saw the soul-endowed man upon the ground. And the spirit came forth from the Adamantine 
Land; it descended and came to dwell within him, and that man became a living soul. It called his 
name Adam, since he was found moving upon the ground. A voice came forth from 
incorruptibility for the assistance of Adam; and the rulers gathered together all the animals of the 
earth and all the birds of heaven and brought them in to Adam to see what Adam would call 
them, that he might give a name to each of the birds and all the beasts. 

They took Adam and put him the garden, that he might cultivate it and keep watch over it. And 
the rulers issued a command to him, saying, "From every tree in the garden shall you eat; yet from 
the tree of recognizing good and evil do not eat, nor touch it; for the day you eat from it, with 
death you are going to die." 



1 1 3 



They [...] this. They do not understand what they have said to him; rather, by the father's will, they 
said this in such a way that he might (in fact) eat, and that Adam might <not> regard them as 
would a man of an exclusively material nature. 

The rulers took counsel with one another and said, "Come, let us cause a deep sleep to fall upon 
Adam." And he slept. - Now the deep sleep that they "caused to fall upon him, and he slept" is 
Ignorance. - They opened his side like a living woman. And they built up his side with some flesh 
in place of her, and Adam came to be endowed only with soul. 

And the spirit-endowed woman came to him and spoke with him, saying, "Arise, Adam." And 
when he saw her, he said, "It is you who have given me life; you will be called 'mother of the 
living'. - For it is she who is my mother. It is she who is the physician, and the woman, and she 
who has given birth." 

Then the authorities came up to their Adam. And when they saw his female counterpart speaking 
with him, they became agitated with great agitation; and they became enamored of her. They said 
to one another, "Come, let us sow our seed in her," and they pursued her. And she laughed at 
them for their witlessness and their blindness; and in their clutches she became a tree, and left 
before them her shadowy reflection resembling herself; and they defiled it foully. - And they 
defiled the stamp of her voice, so that by the form they had modeled, together with their (own) 
image, they made themselves liable to condemnation. 

Then the female spiritual principle came in the snake, the instructor; and it taught them, saying, 
"What did he say to you? Was it, 'From every tree in the garden shall you eat; yet - from the tree of 
recognizing good and evil do not eat'?" 

The carnal woman said, "Not only did he say 'Do not eat', but even 'Do not touch it; for the day 
you eat from it, with death you are going to die.'" 

And the snake, the instructor, said, "With death you shall not die; for it was out of jealousy that he 
said this to you. Rather your eyes shall open and you shall come to be like gods, recognizing evil 
and good." And the female instructing principle was taken away from the snake, and she left it 
behind, merely a thing of the earth. 

And the carnal woman took from the tree and ate; and she gave to her husband as well as herself; 
and these beings that possessed only a soul, ate. And their imperfection became apparent in their 
lack of knowledge; and they recognized that they were naked of the spiritual element, and took fig 
leaves and bound them upon their loins. 

Then the chief ruler came; and he said, "Adam! Where are you?" - for he did not understand what 
had happened. And Adam said, "I heard your voice and was afraid because I was naked; and I 
hid." 

The ruler said, "Why did you hide, unless it is because you have eaten from the tree from which 
alone I commanded you not to eat? And you have eaten!" 

Adam said, "The woman that you gave me, she gave to me and I ate." And the arrogant ruler 
cursed the woman. 

The woman said, "It was the snake that led me astray and I ate." They turned to the snake and 
cursed its shadowy reflection, [...] powerless, not comprehending that it was a form they 
themselves had modeled. From that day, the snake came to be under the curse of the authorities; 
until the all-powerful man was to come, that curse fell upon the snake. 

They turned to their Adam and took him and expelled him from the garden along with his wife; 
for they have no blessing, since they too are beneath the curse. Moreover, they threw mankind 
into great distraction and into a life of toil, so that their mankind might be occupied by worldly 
affairs, and might not have the opportunity of being devoted to the holy spirit. 

Now afterwards, she bore Cain, their son; and Cain cultivated the land. Thereupon he knew his 
wife; again becoming pregnant, she bore Abel; and Abel was a herdsman of sheep. Now Cain 
brought in from the crops of his field, but Abel brought in an offering (from) among his lambs. 
God looked upon the votive offerings of Abel; but he did not accept the votive offerings of Cain. 
And carnal Cain pursued Abel, his brother. 



1 1 4 



And God said to Cain, "Where is Abel, your brother?" 
He answered saying, "Am I, then, my brother's keeper?" 

God said to Cain, "Listen! The voice of your brother's blood is crying up to me! You have sinned 
with your mouth. It will return to you: anyone who kills Cain will let loose seven vengeances, and 
you will exist groaning and trembling upon the earth." 

And Adam knew his female counterpart Eve, and she became pregnant, and bore Seth to Adam. 
And she said, "I have borne another man through God, in place of Abel." Again Eve became 
pregnant, and she bore Norea. And she said, "He has begotten on me a virgin as an assistance for 
many generations of mankind." She is the virgin whom the forces did not defile. 

Then mankind began to multiply and improve. The rulers took counsel with one another and said, 
"Come, let us cause a deluge with our hands and obliterate all flesh, from man to beast." But when 
the ruler of the forces came to know of their decision, he said to Noah, "Make yourself an ark from 
some wood that does not rot and hide in it - you and your children and the beasts and the birds of 
heaven from small to large - and set it upon Mount Sir." 

Then Orea came to him, wanting to board the ark. And when he would not let her, she blew upon 
the ark and caused it to be consumed by fire. Again he made the ark, for a second time. 

The rulers went to meet her, intending to lead her astray. Their supreme chief said to her, "Your 
mother Eve came to us." But Norea turned to them and said to them, "It is you who are the rulers 
of the darkness; you are accursed. And you did not know my mother; instead it was your female 
counterpart that you knew. For I am not your descendant; rather it is from the world above that I 
am come." 

The arrogant ruler turned, with all his might, and his countenance came to be like (a) black [...]; he 
said to her presumptuously, "You must render service to us, as did also your mother Eve; for I 
have been given [...]." But Norea turned, with the might of [...]; and in a loud voice, she cried out 
up to the holy one, the God of the entirety, "Rescue me from the rulers of unrighteousness and 
save me from their clutches - forthwith!" 

The <great> angel came down from the heavens and said to her, "Why are you crying up to God? 
Why do you act so boldly towards the holy spirit?" 

Norea said, "Who are you?" The rulers of unrighteousness had withdrawn from her. 

He said, "It is I who am Eleleth, sagacity, the great angel who stands in the presence of the holy 
spirit. I have been sent to speak with you and save you from the grasp of the lawless. And I shall 
teach you about your root." 

(Norea apparently now speaking) Now as for that angel, I cannot speak of his power: his 
appearance is like fine gold and his raiment is like snow. No, truly, my mouth cannot bear to 
speak of his power and the appearance of his face! 

Eleleth, the great angel, spoke to me. "It is I," he said, "who am understanding. I am one of the four 
light-givers, who stand in the presence of the great invisible spirit. Do you think these rulers have 
any power over you? None of them can prevail against the root of truth; for on its account he 
appeared in the final ages; and these authorities will be restrained. And these authorities cannot 
defile you and that generation; for your abode is in incorruptibility, where the virgin spirit dwells, 
who is superior to the authorities of chaos and to their universe." 

But I said, "Sir, teach me about the faculty of these authorities - how did they come into being, and 
by what kind of genesis, and of what material, and who created them and their force?" 

And the great angel Eleleth, understanding, spoke to me: "Within limitless realms dwells 
incorruptibility. Sophia, who is called Pistis, wanted to create something, alone without her 
consort; and her product was a celestial thing. A veil exists between the world above and the 
realms that are below; and shadow came into being beneath the veil; and that shadow became 
matter; and that shadow was projected apart. And what she had created became a product in the 
matter, like an aborted fetus. And it assumed a plastic form molded out of shadow, and became an 
arrogant beast resembling a lion. It was androgynous, as I have already said, because it was from 
matter that it derived. 



115 



Opening his eyes, he saw a vast quantity of matter without limit; and he became arrogant, saying, 
"It is I who am God, and there is none other apart from me". When he said this, he sinned against 
the entirety. And a voice came forth from above the realm of absolute power, saying, "You are 
mistaken, Samael" - which is, 'god of the blind'. 

And he said, "If any other thing exists before me, let it become visible to me!" And immediately 
Sophia stretched forth her finger and introduced light into matter; and she pursued it down to the 
region of chaos. And she returned up to her light; once again darkness [...] matter. 

This ruler, by being androgynous, made himself a vast realm, an extent without limit. And he 
contemplated creating offspring for himself, and created for himself seven offspring, androgynous 
just like their parent. And he said to his offspring, "It is I who am god of the entirety." 

And Zoe (Life), the daughter of Pistis Sophia, cried out and said to him, "You are mistaken, Sakla!" 
- for which the alternative name is Yaltabaoth. She breathed into his face, and her breath became a 
fiery angel for her; and that angel bound Yaldabaoth and cast him down into Tartaros below the 
abyss. 

Now when his offspring Sabaoth saw the force of that angel, he repented and condemned his 
father and his mother, matter. He loathed her, but he sang songs of praise up to Sophia and her 
daughter Zoe. And Sophia and Zoe caught him up and gave him charge of the seventh heaven, 
below the veil between above and below. And he is called 'God of the forces, Sabaoth', since he is 
up above the forces of chaos, for Sophia established him. 

Now when these (events) had come to pass, he made himself a huge four-faced chariot of 
cherubim, and infinitely many angels to act as ministers, and also harps and lyres. And Sophia 
took her daughter Zoe and had her sit upon his right to teach him about the things that exist in the 
eighth (heaven); and the angel of wrath she placed upon his left. Since that day, his right has been 
called 'life'; and the left has come to represent the unrighteousness of the realm of absolute power 
above. It was before your time that they came into being. 

Now when Yaldabaoth saw him (Sabaoth) in this great splendor and at this height, he envied him; 
and the envy became an androgynous product, and this was the origin of envy. And envy 
engendered death; and death engendered his offspring and gave each of them charge of its 
heaven; and all the heavens of chaos became full of their multitudes. But it was by the will of the 
father of the entirety that they all came into being - after the pattern of all the things above - so 
that the sum of chaos might be attained. 

"There, I have taught you about the pattern of the rulers; and the matter in which it was expressed; 
and their parent; and their universe." 

But I said, "Sir, am I also from their matter?" 

"You, together with your offspring, are from the primeval father; from above, out of the 
imperishable light, their souls are come. Thus the authorities cannot approach them, because of 
the spirit of truth present within them; and all who have become acquainted with this way exist 
deathless in the midst of dying mankind. Still, that sown element will not become known now. 
Instead, after three generations it will come to be known, and it has freed them from the bondage 
of the authorities' error." 

Then I said, "Sir, how much longer?" 

He said to me, "Until the moment when the true man, within a modeled form, reveals the 
existence of the spirit of truth, which the father has sent. 

Then he will teach them about everything, and he will anoint them with the unction of life eternal, 
given him from the undominated generation. 

Then they will be freed of blind thought, and they will trample underfoot death, which is of the 
authorities, and they will ascend into the limitless light where this sown element belongs. 

Then the authorities will relinquish their ages, and their angels will weep over their destruction, 
and their demons will lament their death. 



1 1 E 



Then all the children of the light will be truly acquainted with the truth and their root, and the 
father of the entirety and the holy spirit. They will all say with a single voice, 'The father's truth is 
just, and the son presides over the entirety", and from everyone unto the ages of ages, "Holy - holy 
- holy! Amen!'" 



The Reality of the Rulers 



On the Origin of the World 
"The Untitled Text" 



CODEX II 

Translated by Hans-Gebhard Bethge and Bentley Layton 

Selection made from James M. Robinson, ed., The Nag Hammadi Library, revised edition. HarperCollins, San Francisco, 1990. 



Cf. Codex XIII 



The Exegesis on the Soul 



CODEX II 

Translated by William C. Robinson Jr. 

Selection made from James M. Robinson, ed., The Nag Hammadi Library, revised edition. HarperCollins, San Francisco, 1990. 

Wise men of old gave the soul a feminine name. Indeed she is female in her nature as well. She 
even has her womb. 

As long as she was alone with the father, she was virgin and in form androgynous. But when she 
fell down into a body and came to this life, then she fell into the hands of many robbers. And the 
wanton creatures passed her from one to another and [...] her. Some made use of her by force, 
while others did so by seducing her with a gift. In short, they defiled her, and she [...] her 
virginity. 

And in her body she prostituted herself and gave herself to one and all, considering each one she 
was about to embrace to be her husband. When she had given herself to wanton, unfaithful 
adulterers, so that they might make use of her, then she sighed deeply and repented. But even 
when she turns her face from those adulterers, she runs to others and they compel her to live with 
them and render service to them upon their bed, as if they were her masters. Out of shame she no 
longer dares to leave them, whereas they deceive her for a long time, pretending to be faithful, 
true husbands, as if they greatly respected her. And after all this they abandon her and go. 

She then becomes a poor desolate widow, without help; not even a measure of food was left her 
from the time of her affliction. For from them she gained nothing except the defilements they gave 
her while they had sexual intercourse with her. And her offspring by the adulterers are dumb, 
blind and sickly. They are feebleminded. 

But when the father who is above visits her and looks down upon her and sees her sighing - with 
her sufferings and disgrace - and repenting of the prostitution in which she engaged, and when 
she begins to call upon his name so that he might help her, [...] all her heart, saying "Save me, my 
father, for behold I will render an account to thee, for I abandoned my house and fled from my 
maiden's quarters. Restore me to thyself again." When he sees her in such a state, then he will 
count her worthy of his mercy upon her, for many are the afflictions that have come upon her 
because she abandoned her house. 

Now concerning the prostitution on the soul, the Holy Spirit prophesies in many places. For he 
said in the prophet Jeremiah (3:1-4), 

If the husband divorces his wife and she goes and takes another man, can she return to him after 
that? Has not that woman utterly defiled herself? "And you prostituted yourself to many 
shepherds and you returned to me!" said the lord. "Take an honest look and see where you 
prostituted yourself. Were you not sitting in the streets defiling the land with your acts of 
prostitution and your vices? And you took many shepherds for a stumbling block for yourself. 
You became shameless with everyone. You did not call on me as kinsman or as father or author of 
your virginity". 

Again it is written in the prophet Hosea (2:2-7), 

Come, go to law with your mother, for she is not to be a wife to me nor I a husband to her. I shall 
remove her prostitution from my presence, and I shall remove her adultery from between her 
breasts. I shall make her naked as on the day she was born, and I shall make her desolate like a 
land without water, and I shall make her longingly childless. I shall show her children no pity, for 
they are children of prostitution, since their mother prostituted herself and put her children to 
shame. For she said, "I shall prostitute myself to my lovers. It was they who gave me my bread 
and my water and my garments and my clothes and my wine and my oil and everything I 
needed." Therefore behold I shall shut them up so that she shall not be able to run after her 



1 1 9 



adulterers. And when she seeks them and does not find them, she will say, 'I shall return to my 
former husband, in those days I was better off than now." 

Again he said in Ezekiel (16:23-26), 

It came to pass after much depravity, said the lord, you built yourself a brothel and you made 
yourself a beautiful place in the streets. And you built yourself brothels on every lane, and you 
wasted your beauty, and you spread your legs in every alley, and you multiplied your acts of 
prostitution. You prostituted yourself to the sons of Egypt, those who are your neighbors, men 
great of flesh. 

But what does "the sons of Egypt, men great of flesh" mean, if not the domain of the flesh and the 
perceptible realm and the affairs of the earth, by which the soul has become defiled here, receiving 
bread from them, as well as wine, oil, clothing, and the other external nonsense surrounding the 
body - the things she thinks she needs. 

But as to this prostitution, the apostles of the savior commanded (Acts 15:20, 29; 21:25; ITh 4:3; 1 
Co 6:18; 2 Co 7:1): "Guard yourselves against it, purify yourselves from it," speaking not just of the 
prostitution of the body but especially that of the soul. For this reason the apostles write to the 
churches of God, that such prostitution might not occur among us. 

Yet the greatest struggle has to do with the prostitution of the soul. From it arises the prostitution 
of the body as well. Therefore Paul, writing to the Corinthians (ICo 5:9-10), said, "I wrote you in 
the letter, 'Do not associate with prostitutes, 1 not at all (meaning) the prostitutes of this world or 
the greedy or the thieves or the idolaters, since then you would have to go out from the world." - 
here it is speaking spiritually - "For our struggle is not against flesh and blood - as he said (Ep 
6:12) - but against the world rulers of this darkness and the spirits of wickedness." 

As long as the soul keeps running about everywhere copulating with whomever she meets and 
defiling herself, she exists suffering her just deserts. But when she perceives the straits she is in 
and weeps before the father and repents, then the father will have mercy on her and he will make 
her womb turn from the external domain and will turn it again inward, so that the soul will regain 
her proper character. For it is not so with a woman. For the womb of the body is inside the body 
like the other internal organs, but the womb of the soul is around the outside like the male 
genitalia which is external. 

So when the womb of the soul, by the will of the father, turns itself inward, it is baptized and is 
immediately cleansed of the external pollution which was pressed upon it, just as garments, when 
dirty, are put into the water and turned about until their dirt is removed and they become clean. 
And so the cleansing of the soul is to regain the newness of her former nature and to turn herself 
back again. That is her baptism. 

Then she will begin to rage at herself like a woman in labor, who writhes and rages in the hour of 
delivery. But since she is female, by herself she is powerless to beget a child. From heaven the 
father sent her her man, who is her brother, the firstborn. Then the bridegroom came down to the 
bride. She gave up her former prostitution and cleansed herself of the pollutions of the adulterers, 
and she was renewed so as to be a bride. She cleansed herself in the bridal chamber; she filled it 
with perfume; she sat in it waiting for the true bridegroom. No longer does she run about the 
market place, copulating with whomever she desires, but she continued to wait for him - (saying) 
"When will he come?" - and to fear him, for she did not know what he looked like: she no longer 
remembers since the time she fell from her father's house. But by the will of the father <...> And 
she dreamed of him like a woman in love with a man. 

But then the bridegroom, according to the father's will, came down to her into the bridal chamber, 
which was prepared. And he decorated the bridal chamber. 

For since that marriage is not like the carnal marriage, those who are to have intercourse with one 
another will be satisfied with that intercourse. And as if it were a burden, they leave behind them 
the annoyance of physical desire and they turn their faces from each other. But this marriage [...]. 
But once they unite with one another, they become a single life. Wherefore the prophet said (Gn 
2:24) concerning the first man and the first woman, "They will become a single flesh." For they 



1 B □ 



were originally joined one to another when they were with the father before the woman led astray 
the man, who is her brother. This marriage has brought them back together again and the soul has 
been joined to her true love, her real master, as it is written (cf. Gn 3:16; 1 Co 11;1; Ep 5:23), "For 
the master of the woman is her husband." 

Then gradually she recognized him, and she rejoiced once more, weeping before him as she 
remembered the disgrace of her former widowhood. And she adorned herself still more so that he 
might be pleased to stay with her. 

And the prophet said in the Psalms (Ps 45:10-11): "Hear, my daughter, and see and incline your 
ear and forget your people and your father's house, for the king has desired your beauty, for he is 
your lord." 

For he requires her to turn her face from her people and the multitude of her adulterers, in whose 
midst she once was, to devote herself only to her king, her real lord, and to forget the house of the 
earthly father, with whom things went badly for her, but to remember her father who is in heaven. 
Thus also it was said (Gn 12:1) to Abraham: "Come out from your country and your kinsfolk and 
from your fathers house" 

Thus when the soul had adorned herself again in her beauty [...] enjoyed her beloved, and he also 
loved her. And when she had intercourse with him, she got from him the seed that is the life- 
giving spirit, so that by him she bears good children and rears them. For this is the great, perfect 
marvel of birth. And so this marriage is made perfect by the will of the father. 

Now it is fitting that the soul regenerates herself and become again as she formerly was. The soul 
then moves of her own accord. And she received the divine nature from the father for her 
rejuvenation, so that she might be restored to the place where originally she had been. This is the 
resurrection that is from the dead. This is the ransom from captivity. This is the upward journey of 
ascent to heaven. This is the way of ascent to the father. Therefore the prophet said (Ps 103:1-5): 

"Praise the lord, O my soul, and, all that is within me, (praise) his holy name. My soul, praise God, 
who forgave all your sins, who healed all your sicknesses, who ransomed your life from death, 
who crowned you with mercy, who satisfies your longing with good things. Your youth will be 
renewed like an eagle's." 

Then when she becomes young again, she will ascend, praising the father and her brother, by 
whom she was rescued. Thus it is by being born again that the soul will be saved. And this is due 
not to rote phrases or to professional skills or to book learning. Rather it is the grace of the [...], it is 
the gift of the [...]. For such is this heavenly thing. Therefore the savior cries out (Jn 6:44), "No one 
can come to me unless my Father draws him and brings him to me; and I myself will raise him up 
on the last day." 

It is therefore fitting to pray to the father and to call on him with all our soul - not externally with 
the lips, but with the spirit, which is inward, which came forth from the depth - sighing; repenting 
for the life we lived; confessing our sins; perceiving the empty deception we were in, and the 
empty zeal; weeping over how we were in darkness and in the wave; mourning for ourselves, that 
he might have pity on us; hating ourselves for how we are now. 

Again the savior said (cf Mt 5:4, Lk 6:12): "Blessed are those who mourn, for it is they who will be 
pitied; blessed, those who are hungry, for it is they who will be filled." 

Again he said (cf. Lk 14:26), "If one does not hate his soul he cannot follow me." For the beginning 
of salvation is repentance. Therefore (cf. Acts 13:24), "Before Christ's appearance came John, 
preaching the baptism of repentance." 

And repentance takes place in distress and grief. But the father is good and loves humanity, and 
he hears the soul that calls upon him and sends it the light of salvation. Therefore he said through 
the spirit to the prophet (cf. 1 CI 8:3), "Say to the children of my people, 'If your sins extend from 
earth to heaven, and if they become red like scarlet and blacker than sackcloth, and if you return 
to me with all your soul and say to me 'my Father!', I will heed you as a holy people.'" 

Again another place (Is 30:15), "Thus says the lord, the holy one of Israel: "If you return and sigh, 
then you will be saved and will know where you were when you trusted in what is empty." 

- 1Z1 - 



Again he said in another place (Is 30:19-20), "Jerusalem wept much, saying, 'Have pity on me.' He 
will have pity on the sound of your weeping. And when he saw, he heeded you. And the lord will 
give you bread of affliction and water of oppression. From now on, those who deceive will not 
approach you again. Your eyes will see those who are deceiving you." 

Therefore it is fitting to pray to God night and day, spreading out our hands towards him as do 
people sailing in the middle of the sea: they pray to God with all their heart without hypocrisy. 
For those who pray hypocritically deceive only themselves. Indeed, it is in order that he might 
know who is worthy of salvation that God examines the inward parts and searches the bottom of 
the heart. For no one is worthy of salvation who still loves the place of deception. 

Therefore it is written in the poet (Homer, Odyssey 1.48-1.59), "Odysseus sat on the island weeping 
and grieving and turning his face from the words of Calypso and from her tricks, longing to see 
his village and smoke coming forth from it. And had he not received help from heaven, he would 
not have been able to return to his village." 

Again Helen <...> saying (Odyssey 4.260-261), "My heart turned itself from me. It is to my house 
that I want to return." 

For she sighed, saying (Odyssey 4.261-4.264), "It is Aphrodite who deceived me and brought me 
out of my village. My only daughter I left behind me, and my good, understanding, handsome 
husband." 

For when the soul leaves her perfect husband because of the treachery of Aphrodite, who exists 
here in the act of begetting, then she will suffer harm. But if she sighs and repents, she will be 
restored to her house. 

Certainly Israel would not have been visited in the first place, to be brought out of the land of 
Egypt, out of the house of bondage, if it had not sighed to God and wept for the oppression of its 
labors. 

Again it is written in the Psalms (6:6-9), "I was greatly troubled in my groaning. I will bathe my 
bed and my cover each night with my tears. I have become old in the midst of all my enemies. 
Depart from me, all you who work at lawlessness, for behold the lord has heard the cry of my 
weeping and the lord has heard my prayer." 

If we repent, truly God will heed us, he who is long suffering and abundantly merciful, to whom 
is the glory for ever and ever. Amen! 



The Expository Treatise on the Soul 



IBB 



The Book of Thomas the Contender 



CODEX II 

Translated by John D. Turner 

Selection made from James M. Robinson, ed., The Nag Hammadi Library, revised edition. HarperCollins, San Francisco, 1990. 

The secret words that the savior spoke to Judas Thomas which I, even I, Mathaias, wrote down, 
while I was walking, listening to them speak with one another. 

The savior said, "Brother Thomas while you have time in the world, listen to me, and I will reveal 
to you the things you have pondered in your mind. 

"Now, since it has been said that you are my twin and true companion, examine yourself, and 
learn who you are, in what way you exist, and how you will come to be. Since you will be called 
my brother, it is not fitting that you be ignorant of yourself. And I know that you have 
understood, because you had already understood that I am the knowledge of the truth. So while 
you accompany me, although you are uncomprehending, you have (in fact) already come to 
know, and you will be called 'the one who knows himself. For he who has not known himself has 
known nothing, but he who has known himself has at the same time already achieved knowledge 
about the depth of the all. So then, you, my brother Thomas, have beheld what is obscure to men, 
that is, what they ignorantly stumble against." 

Now Thomas said to the lord, "Therefore I beg you to tell me what I ask you before your 
ascension, and when I hear from you about the hidden things, then I can speak about them. And it 
is obvious to me that the truth is difficult to perform before men." 

The savior answered, saying, "If the things that are visible to you are obscure to you, how can you 
hear about the things that are not visible? If the deeds of the truth that are visible in the world are 
difficult for you to perform, how indeed, then, shall you perform those that pertain to the exalted 
height and to the pleroma which are not visible? And how shall you be called 'laborers'? In this 
respect you are apprentices, and have not yet received the height of perfection." 

Now Thomas answered and said to the savior, "Tell us about these things that you say are not 
visible, but are hidden from us." 

The savior said, "All bodies [...] the beasts are begotten [...] it is evident like [...] this, too, those that 
are above [...] things that are visible, but they are visible in their own root, and it is their fruit that 
nourishes them. But these visible bodies survive by devouring creatures similar to them with the 
result that the bodies change. Now that which changes will decay and perish, and has no hope of 
life from then on, since that body is bestial. So just as the body of the beasts perishes, so also will 
these formations perish. Do they not derive from intercourse like that of the beasts? If it, too 
derives from intercourse, how will it beget anything different from beasts? So, therefore, you are 
babes until you become perfect." 

And Thomas answered, "Therefore I say to you, lord, that those who speak about things that are 
invisible and difficult to explain are like those who shoot their arrows at a target at night. To be 
sure, they shoot their arrows as anyone would - since they shoot at the target - but it is not visible. 
Yet when the light comes forth and hides the darkness, then the work of each will appear. And 
you, our light, enlighten, O lord." 

Jesus said, "It is in light that light exists." 

Thomas, spoke, saying, "Lord, why does this visible light that shines on behalf of men rise and 
set?" 

The savior said, "O blessed Thomas, of course this visible light shines on your behalf - not in order 
that you remain here, but rather that you might come forth - and whenever all the elect abandon 
bestiality, then this light will withdraw up to its essence, and its essence will welcome it, since it is 
a good servant." 



123 



Then the savior continued and said, "O unsearchable love of the light! O bitterness of the fire that 
blazes in the bodies of men and in their marrow, kindling in them night and day, and burning the 
limbs of men and making their minds become drunk and their souls become deranged [...] them 
within males and females [...] night and moving them, [...] secretly and visibly. For the males 
move [...] upon the females and the females upon the males. Therefore it is said, "Everyone who 
seeks the truth from true wisdom will make himself wings so as to fly, fleeing the lust that 
scorches the spirits of men." And he will make himself wings to flee every visible spirit." 

And Thomas answered, saying, "Lord, this is exactly what I am asking you about, since I have 
understood that you are the one who is beneficial to us, as you say." 

Again the savior answered and said, "Therefore it is necessary for us to speak to you, since this is 
the doctrine of the perfect. If, now, you desire to become perfect, you shall observe these things; if 
not, your name is 'Ignorant', since it is impossible for an intelligent man to dwell with a fool, for 
the intelligent man is perfect in all wisdom. To the fool, however, the good and bad are the same - 
indeed the wise man will be nourished by the truth and (Ps. 1:3) "will be like a tree growing by the 
meandering stream" - seeing that there are some who, although having wings, rush upon the 
visible things, things that are far from the truth. For that which guides them, the fire, will give 
them an illusion of truth, and will shine on them with a perishable beauty, and it will imprison 
them in a dark sweetness and captivate them with fragrant pleasure. And it will blind them with 
insatiable lust and burn their souls and become for them like a stake stuck in their heart which 
they can never dislodge. And like a bit in the mouth, it leads them according to its own desire. 
And it has fettered them with its chains and bound all their limbs with the bitterness of the 
bondage of lust for those visible things that will decay and change and swerve by impulse. They 
have always been attracted downwards; as they are killed, they are assimilated to all the beasts of 
the perishable realm." 

Thomas answered and said, "It is obvious and has been said, 'Many are [...] those who do not 
know [...] soul.'" 

And the savior answered, saying, "Blessed is the wise man who sought after the truth, and when 
he found it, he rested upon it forever and was unafraid of those who wanted to disturb him." 

Thomas answered and said, "It is beneficial for us, lord, to rest among our own?" 

The savior said, "Yes, it is useful. And it is good for you, since things visible among men will 
dissolve - for the vessel of their flesh will dissolve, and when it is brought to naught it will come to 
be among visible things, among things that are seen. And then the fire which they see gives them 
pain on account of love for the faith they formerly possessed. They will be gathered back to that 
which is visible. Moreover, those who have sight among things that are not visible, without the 
first love they will perish in the concern for this life and the scorching of the fire. Only a little 
while longer, and that which is visible will dissolve; then shapeless shades will emerge, and in the 
midst of tombs they will forever dwell upon the corpses in pain and corruption of soul." 

Thomas answered and said, "What have we to say in the face of these things? What shall we say to 
blind men? What doctrine should we express to these miserable mortals who say, "We came to do 
good and not curse," and yet claim, "Had we not been begotten in the flesh, we would not have 
known iniquity"?" 

The savior said, "Truly, as for those, do not esteem them as men, but regard them as beasts, for just 
as beasts devour one another, so also men of this sort devour one another. On the contrary, they 
are deprived of the kingdom since they love the sweetness of the fire and are servants of death 
and rush to the works of corruption. They fulfill the lust of their fathers. They will be thrown 
down to the abyss and be afflicted by the torment of the bitterness of their evil nature. For they 
will be scourged so as to make them rush backwards, whither they do not know, and they will 
recede from their limbs not patiently, but with despair. And they rejoice over [...] madness and 
derangement [...] They pursue this derangement without realizing their madness, thinking that 
they are wise. They [...] their body [...] Their mind is directed to their own selves, for their thought 
is occupied with their deeds. But it is the fire that will burn them." 



1 E4 



And Thomas answered and said, "Lord, what will the one thrown down to them do? For I am 
most anxious about them; many are those who fight them." 

The savior answered and said, "What is your own opinion?" 

Judas - the one called Thomas - said, "It is you, lord, whom it befits to speak, and me to listen." 

The savior replied, "Listen to what I am going to tell you and believe in the truth. That which sows 
and that which is sown will dissolve in the fire - within the fire and the water - and they will hide 
in tombs of darkness. And after a long time they shall show forth the fruit of the evil trees, being 
punished, being slain in the mouth of beasts and men at the instigation of the rains and winds and 
air and the light that shines above." 

Thomas replied, "You have certainly persuaded us, lord. We realize in our heart, and it is obvious, 
that this is so, and that your word is sufficient. But these words that you speak to us are ridiculous 
and contemptible to the world since they are misunderstood. So how can we go preach them, 
since we are not esteemed in the world?" 

The savior answered and said, "Truly I tell you that he who will listen to your word and turn 
away his face or sneer at it or smirk at these things, truly I tell you that he will be handed over to 
the ruler above who rules over all the powers as their king, and he will turn that one around and 
cast him from heaven down to the abyss, and he will be imprisoned in a narrow dark place. 
Moreover, he can neither turn nor move on account of the great depth of Tartaros and the heavy 
bitterness of Hades that is steadfast [...] them to it [...] they will not forgive [...] pursue you. They 
will hand [...] over to [...] angel Tartarouchos [...] fire pursuing them [...] fiery scourges that cast a 
shower of sparks into the face of the one who is pursued. If he flees westward, he finds the fire. If 
he turns southward, he finds it there as well. If he turns northward, the threat of seething fire 
meets him again. Nor does he find the way to the east so as to flee there and be saved, for he did 
not find it in the day he was in the body, so that he might find it in the day of judgment." 

Then the savior continued, saying, "Woe to you, godless ones, who have no hope, who rely on 
things that will not happen! 

"Woe to you who hope in the flesh and in the prison that will perish! How long will you be 
oblivious? And how long will you suppose that the imperishables will perish too? Your hope is set 
upon the world, and your god is this life! You are corrupting your souls! 

"Woe to you within the fire that burns in you, for it is insatiable! 

"Woe to you because of the wheel that turns in your minds! 

"Woe to you within the grip of the burning that is in you, for it will devour your flesh openly and 
rend your souls secretly, and prepare you for your companions! 

"Woe to you, captives, for you are bound in caverns! You laugh! In mad laughter you rejoice! You 
neither realize your perdition, nor do you reflect on your circumstances, nor have you understood 
that you dwell in darkness and death! On the contrary, you are drunk with the fire and full of 
bitterness. Your mind is deranged on account of the burning that is in you, and sweet to you are 
the poison and the blows of your enemies! And the darkness rose for you like the light, for you 
surrendered your freedom for servitude! You darkened your hearts and surrendered your 
thoughts to folly, and you filled your thoughts with the smoke of the fire that is in you! And your 
light has hidden in the cloud of [...] and the garment that is put upon you, you [...]. And you were 
seized by the hope that does not exist. And whom is it you have believed? Do you not know that 
you all dwell among those who that [...] you as though you [...]. You baptized your souls in the 
water of darkness ! You walked by your own whims! 

"Woe to you who dwell in error, heedless that the light of the sun which judges and looks down 
upon the all will circle around all things so as to enslave the enemies. You do not even notice the 
moon, how by night and day it looks down, looking at the bodies of your slaughters! 

"Woe to you who love intimacy with womankind and polluted intercourse with them! Woe to you 
in the grip of the powers of your body, for they will afflict you! Woe to you in the grip of the 
forces of the evil demons! Woe to you who beguile your limbs with fire! Who is it that will rain a 
refreshing dew on you to extinguish the mass of fire from you along with your burning? Who is it 

- i a 5 - 



that will cause the sun to shine upon you to disperse the darkness in you and hide the darkness 
and polluted water? 

"The sun and the moon will give a fragrance to you together with the air and the spirit and the 
earth and the water. For if the sun does not shine upon these bodies, they will wither and perish 
just like weeds or grass. If the sun shines on them, they prevail and choke the grapevine; but if the 
grapevine prevails and shades those weeds and all the other brush growing alongside, and 
spreads and flourishes, it alone inherits the land in which it grows; and every place it has shaded 
it dominates. And when it grows up, it dominates all the land and is bountiful for its master, and 
it pleases him even more, for he would have suffered great pains on account of these plants until 
he uprooted them. But the grapevine alone removed them and choked them, and they died and 
became like the soil." 

Then Jesus continued and said to them, "Woe to you, for you did not receive the doctrine, and 
those who are [...] will labor at preaching [...]. And you are rushing into [...] will send them down 
[...] you kill them daily in order that they might rise from death. 

"Blessed are you who have prior knowledge of the stumbling blocks and who flee alien things. 

"Blessed are you who are reviled and not esteemed on account of the love their lord has for them. 

"Blessed are you who weep and are oppressed by those without hope, for you will be released 
from every bondage. 

"Watch and pray that you not come to be in the flesh, but rather that you come forth from the 
bondage of the bitterness of this life. And as you pray, you will find rest, for you have left behind 
the suffering and the disgrace. For when you come forth from the sufferings and passions of the 
body, you will receive rest from the good one, and you will reign with the king, you joined with 
him and he with you, from now on, for ever and ever, Amen." 

The Book of Thomas The Contender Writing To the Perfect 

Remember me also, my brethren, in your prayers: 
Peace to the saints and those who are spiritual. 



1 EE 



The Apocryphon of John 

CODEX III 

(short version, used in long version translation) 

Cf. Codex II 



1 E7 



The Gospel of the Egyptians 



CODEX III 

Translated by Alexander Bohlig and Frederik Wisse 

Selection made from James M. Robinson, ed., The Nag Hammadi Library, revised edition. HarperCollins, San Francisco, 1990. 

The holy book of the Egyptians about the great invisible Spirit, the Father whose name cannot be 
uttered, he who came forth from the heights of the perfection, the light of the light of the aeons of 
light, the light of the silence of the providence <and> the Father of the silence, the light of the 
word and the truth, the light of the incorruptions, the infinite light, the radiance from the aeons of 
light of the unrevealable, unmarked, ageless, unproclaimable Father, the aeon of the aeons, 
Autogenes, self-begotten, self-producing, alien, the really true aeon. 

Three powers came forth from him; they are the Father, the Mother, (and) the Son, from the living 
silence, what came forth from the incorruptible Father. These came forth from the silence of the 
unknown Father. 

And from that place, Domedon Doxomedon came forth, the aeon of the aeons and the light of each 
one of their powers. And thus the Son came forth fourth; the Mother fifth; the Father sixth. He was 
[...] but unheralded; it is he who is unmarked among all the powers, the glories, and the 
incorruptions. 

From that place, the three powers came forth, the three ogdoads that the Father brings forth in 
silence with his providence, from his bosom, i.e., the Father, the Mother, (and) the Son. 

The <first> ogdoad, because of which the thrice-male child came forth, which is the thought, and 
the word, and the incorruption, and the eternal life, the will, the mind, and the foreknowledge, the 
androgynous Father. 

The second ogdoad-power, the Mother, the virginal Barbelon, epititioch[...]ai, memeneaimenf...], 
who presides over the heaven, karb[...], the uninterpretable power, the ineffable Mother. She 
originated from herself [...]; she came forth; she agreed with the Father of the silent silence. 

The third ogdoad-power, the Son of the silent silence, and the crown of the silent silence, and the 
glory of the Father, and the virtue of the Mother, he brings forth from the bosom the seven powers 
of the great light of the seven voices. And the word is their completion. 

These are the three powers, the three ogdoads that the Father, through his providence, brought 
forth from his bosom. He brought them forth at that place. 

Domedon Doxomedon came forth, the aeon of the aeons, and the throne which is in him, and the 
powers which surround him, the glories and the incorruptions. The Father of the great light who 
came forth from the silence, he is the great Doxomedon-aeon, in which the thrice- male child rests. 
And the throne of his glory was established in it, this one on which his unrevealable name is 
inscribed, on the tablet [...] one is the word, the Father of the light of everything, he who came 
forth from the silence, while he rests in the silence, he whose name is in an invisible symbol. A 
hidden, invisible mystery came forth: 

iiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiii EEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEE oooooooooooooooooooooo 

uuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuu eeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeee aaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaa 

OOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOO (the 7 vowels, 22 times each). 

And in this way, the three powers gave praise to the great, invisible, unnameable, virginal, 
uncallable Spirit, and his male virgin. They asked for a power. A silence of living silence came 
forth, namely glories and incorruptions in the aeons [...] aeons, myriads added on [...], the three 
males, the three male offspring, the male races ... 

(IV 55, 5-7 adds: ... the glories of the Father, the glories of the great Christ, and the male offspring, the races 
...) 

... filled the great Doxomedon-aeon with the power of the word of the whole pleroma. 



1 E8 



Then the thrice-male child of the great Christ, whom the great invisible Spirit had anointed - he 
whose power was called 'Ainon' - gave praise to the great invisible Spirit and his male virgin Yoel, 
and the silence of silent silence, and the greatness that [...] ineffable. [...] ineffable [...] 
unanswerable and uninterpretable, the first one who has come forth, and (who is) unproclaimable, 
[...] which is wonderful [...] ineffable [...], he who has all the greatnesses of greatness of the silence 
at that place. The thrice-male child brought praise, and asked for a power from the great, invisible, 
virginal Spirit. 

Then there appeared at that place [...], who [...], who sees glories [...] treasures in a [...] invisible 
mysteries to [...] of the silence, who is the male virgin Youel. 

Then the child of the child, Esephech, appeared. 

And thus he was completed, namely, the Father, the Mother, the Son, the five seals, the 
unconquerable power which is the great Christ of all the incorruptible ones. ... 

... (one line unrecoverable) 

... holy [...] the end, the incorruptible [...], and [...], they are powers and glories and incorruptions 
[...]. They came forth ... 

... (5 lines unrecoverable) 

... This one brought praise to the unrevealable, hidden mystery [...] the hidden ... 

... (4 lines unrecoverable) 

... him in the [...], and the aeons [...] thrones, [...] and each one [...] myriads of powers without 
number surround them, glories and incorruptions [...] and they [...] of the Father, and the Mother, 
and the Son, and the whole pleroma, which I mentioned before, and the five seals, and the 
mystery of mysteries. They appeared ... 

... (3 lines unrecoverable) 

... who presides over [...], and the aeons of [...] really truly [...] and the ... 

... (4 lines unrecoverable) 

... and the really truly eternal aeons. 

Then providence came forth from silence, and the living silence of the Spirit, and the Word of the 
Father, and a light. She [...] the five seals which the Father brought forth from his bosom, and she 
passed through all the aeons which I mentioned before. And she established thrones of glory, and 
myriads of angels without number who surrounded them, powers and incorruptible glories, who 
sing and give glory, all giving praise with a single voice, with one accord, with one never-silent 
voice, [...] to the Father, and the Mother, and the Son [...], and all the pleromas that I mentioned 
before, who is the great Christ, who is from silence, who is the incorruptible child Telmael 
Telmachael Eli Eli Machar Machar Seth, the power which really truly lives, and the male virgin 
who is with him, Youel, and Esephech, the holder of glory, the child of the child, and the crown of 
his glory, [...] of the five seals, the pleroma that I mentioned before. 

There, the great self-begotten living Word came forth, the true god, the unborn physis, he whose 
name I shall tell, saying, [...]aia[...] thaOthOsth[...], who is the son of the great Christ, who is the 
son of the ineffable silence, who came forth from the great invisible and incorruptible Spirit. The 
son of the silence and silence appeared ... 

... (one line unrecoverable) 

... invisible [...] man and the treasures of his glory. Then he appeared in the revealed [...]. And he 
established the four aeons. With a word he established them. 

He brought praise to the great, invisible, virginal Spirit, the silence of the Father, in a silence of the 
living silence of silence, the place where the man rests ... 

... (two lines unrecoverable) 

Then there came forth at/ from that place the cloud of the great light, the living power, the mother 
of the holy, incorruptible ones, the great power, the Mirothoe. And she gave birth to him whose 
name I name, saying, ien ien ea ea ea, three times. 



i e 9 



For this one, Adamas, is a light which radiated from the light; he is the eye of the light. For this is 
the first man, he through whom and to whom everything came into being, (and) without whom 
nothing came into being. The unknowable, incomprehensible Father came forth. He came down 
from above for the annulment of the deficiency. 

Then the great Logos, the divine Autogenes, and the incorruptible man Adamas mingled with 
each other. A Logos of man came into being. However, the man came into being through a word. 

He gave praise to the great, invisible, incomprehensible, virginal Spirit, and the male virgin, and 
the thrice-male child, and the male virgin Youel, and Esephech, the holder of glory, the child of 
the child and the crown of his glory, and the great Doxomedon-aeon, and the thrones which are in 
him, and the powers which surround him, the glories and the incorruptions, and their whole 
pleroma which I mentioned before, and the ethereal earth, the receiver of God, where the holy 
men of the great light receive shape, the men of the Father of the silent, living silence, the Father 
and their whole pleroma, as I mentioned before. 

The great Logos, the divine Autogenes, and the incorruptible man Adamas gave praise, (and) they 
asked for a power and eternal strength for the Autogenes, for the completion of the four aeons, in 
order that, through them, there may appear [...] the glory and the power of the invisible Father of 
the holy men of the great light which will come to the world, which is the image of the night. The 
incorruptible man Adamas asked for them a son out of himself, in order that he (the son) may 
become father of the immovable, incorruptible race, so that, through it (the race), the silence and 
the voice may appear, and, through it, the dead aeon may raise itself, so that it may dissolve. 

And thus there came forth from above the power of the great light, the Manifestation. She gave 
birth to the four great lights: Harmozel, Oroiael, Davithe, Eleleth, and the great incorruptible Seth, 
the son of the incorruptible man Adamas. 

And thus the perfect hebdomad, which exists in hidden mysteries, became complete. When she 
receives the glory, she becomes eleven ogdoads. 

And the Father nodded approval; the whole pleroma of the lights was well pleased. Their consorts 
came forth for the completion of the ogdoad of the divine Autogenes: the Grace of the first light 
Harmozel, the Perception of the second light Oroiael, the Understanding of the third light 
Davithe, the Prudence of the fourth light Eleleth. This is the first ogdoad of the divine Autogenes. 

And the Father nodded approval; the whole pleroma of the lights was well pleased. The 
<ministers> came forth: the first one, the great Gamaliel (of) the first great light Harmozel, and the 
great Gabriel (of) the second great light Oroiael, and the great Samlo of the great light Davithe, 
and the great Abrasax of the great light Eleleth. And the consorts of these came forth by the will of 
the good pleasure of the Father: the Memory of the great one, the first, Gamaliel; the Love of the 
great one, the second, Gabriel; the Peace of the third one, the great Samblo; the eternal Life of the 
great one, the fourth, Abrasax. Thus were the five ogdoads completed, a total of forty, as an 
uninterpretable power. 

Then the great Logos, the Autogenes, and the word of the pleroma of the four lights gave praise to 
the great, invisible, uncallable, virginal Spirit, and the male virgin, and the great Doxomedon- 
aeon, and the thrones which are in them, and the powers which surround them, glories, 
authorities, and the powers, <and> the thrice-male child, and the male virgin Youel, and 
Esephech, the holder of glory, the child of the child and the crown of his glory, the whole pleroma, 
and all the glories which are there, the infinite pleromas <and> the unnameable aeons, in order 
that they may name the Father the fourth, with the incorruptible race, (and) that they may call the 
seed of the Father the seed of the great Seth. 

Then everything shook, and trembling took hold of the incorruptible ones. Then the three male 
children came forth from above, down into the unborn ones, and the self-begotten ones, and those 
who were begotten in what is begotten. The greatness came forth, the whole greatness of the great 
Christ. He established thrones in glory, myriads without number, in the four aeons around them, 
myriads without number, powers and glories and incorruptions. And they came forth in this way. 



130 



And the incorruptible, spiritual church increased in the four lights of the great, living Autogenes, 
the god of truth, praising, singing, (and) giving glory with one voice, with one accord, with a 
mouth which does not rest, to the Father, and the Mother, and the Son, and their whole pleroma, 
just as I mentioned <before>. The five seals which possess the myriads, and they who rule over 
the aeons, and they who bear the glory of the leaders, were given the command to reveal to those 
who are worthy. Amen. 

* * * Then the great Seth, the son of the incorruptible man Adamas, gave praise to the great, 
invisible, uncallable, unnameable, virginal Spirit, and the <male virgin, and the thrice-male child, 
and the male> virgin Youel, and Esephech, the holder of glory and the crown of his glory, the 
child of the child, and the great Doxomedon-aeons, and the pleroma which I mentioned before; 
and asked for his seed. 

Then there came forth from that place the great power of the great light Plesithea, the mother of 
the angels, the mother of the lights, the glorious mother, the virgin with the four breasts, bringing 
the fruit from Gomorrah, as spring, and Sodom, which is the fruit of the spring of Gomorrah 
which is in her. She came forth through the great Seth. 

Then the great Seth rejoiced about the gift which was granted him by the incorruptible child. He 
took his seed from her with the four breasts, the virgin, and he placed it with him in the fourth 
aeon (or, in the four aeons), in the third great light Davithe. 

After five thousand years, the great light Eleleth spoke: "Let someone reign over the chaos and 
Hades." And there appeared a cloud whose name is hylic Sophia [...] She looked out on the parts 
of the chaos, her face being like [...] in her form [...] blood. And the great angel Gamaliel spoke to 
the great Gabriel, the minister of the great light Oroiael; he said, "Let an angel come forth, in order 
that he may reign over the chaos and Hades." Then the cloud, being agreeable, came forth in the 
two monads, each one of which had light. [...] the throne, which she had placed in the cloud 
above. Then Sakla, the great angel, saw the great demon who is with him, Nebruel. And they 
became together a begetting spirit of the earth. They begot assisting angels. Sakla said to the great 
demon Nebruel, "Let the twelve aeons come into being in the [...] aeon, worlds [...]." [...] the great 
angel Sakla said by the will of the Autogenes, "There shall be the [...] of the number of seven [...]." 
And he said to the great angels, "Go and let each of you reign over his world." Each one of these 
twelve angels went forth. The first angel is Athoth. He is the one whom the great generations of 
men call [...]. The second is Harmas, who is the eye of the fire. The third is Galila. The fourth is 
Yobel. The fifth is Adonaios, who is called 'Sabaoth. The sixth is Cain, whom the great generations 
of men call the sun. The seventh is Abel; the eighth Akiressina; the ninth Yubel. The tenth is 
Harmupiael. The eleventh is Archir-Adonin. The twelfth is Belias. These are the ones who preside 
over Hades and the chaos. 

And after the founding of the world, Sakla said to his angels, "I, I am a jealous god, and apart from 
me nothing has come into being," since he trusted in his nature. 

Then a voice came from on high, saying, "The Man exists, and the Son of the Man." Because of the 
descent of the image above, which is like its voice in the height of the image which has looked out 
through the looking out of the image above, the first creature was formed. 

Because of this, Metanoia came into being. She received her completion and her power by the will 
of the Father, and his approval, with which he approved of the great, incorruptible, immovable 
race of the great, mighty men of the great Seth, in order that he may sow it in the aeons which had 
been brought forth, so that through her (Metanoia), the deficiency may be filled up. For she had 
come forth from above, down to the world, which is the image of the night. When she had come, 
she prayed for (the repentance of) both the seed of the archon of this aeon, and <the> authorities 
who had come forth from him, that defiled (seed) of the demon-begetting god which will be 
destroyed, and the seed of Adam and the great Seth, which is like the sun. 

Then the great angel Hormos came to prepare, through the virgins of the corrupted sowing of this 
aeon, in a Logos-begotten, holy vessel, through the holy Spirit, the seed of the great Seth. 

Then the great Seth came and brought his seed. And it was sown in the aeons which had been 
brought forth, their number being the amount of Sodom. Some say that Sodom is the place of 



131 



pasture of the great Seth, which is Gomorrah. But others (say) that the great Seth took his plant out 
of Gomorrah and planted it in the second place, to which he gave the name 'Sodom'. 

This is the race which came forth through Edokla. For she gave birth through the word, to Truth 
and Justice, the origin of the seed of the eternal life, which is with those who will persevere, 
because of the knowledge of their emanation. This is the great, incorruptible race which has come 
forth through three worlds to the world. 

And the flood came as an example, for the consummation of the aeon. But it will be sent into the 
world because of this race. A conflagration will come upon the earth. And grace will be with those 
who belong to the race, through the prophets and the guardians who guard the life of the race. 
Because of this race, famines will occur, and plagues. But these things will happen because of the 
great, incorruptible race. Because of this race, temptations will come, a falsehood of false prophets. 

Then the great Seth saw the activity of the devil, and his many guises, and his schemes, which will 
come upon his (Seth's) incorruptible, immovable race, and the persecutions of his powers and his 
angels, and their error, that they acted against themselves. 

Then the great Seth gave praise to the great, uncallable, virginal Spirit, and the male virgin 
Barbelon, and the thrice-male child Telmael Telmael Heli Heli Machar Machar Seth, the power 
which really truly lives, and the male virgin Youel, and Esephech, the holder of glory and the 
crown of his glory, and the great Doxomedon-aeon, and the thrones which are in him, and the 
powers which surround them, and the whole pleroma, as I mentioned before. And he asked for 
guards over his seed. 

Then there came forth from the great aeons four hundred ethereal angels, accompanied by the 
great Aerosiel and the great Selmechel, to guard the great, incorruptible race, its fruit, and the 
great men of the great Seth, from the time and the moment of Truth and Justice, until the 
consummation of the aeon and its archons, those whom the great judges have condemned to 
death. 

Then the great Seth was sent by the four lights, by the will of the Autogenes and the whole 
pleroma, through <the gift> and the good pleasure of the great invisible Spirit, and the five seals, 
and the whole pleroma. 

He passed through the three parousias which I mentioned before: the flood, and the conflagration, 
and the judgment of the archons and the powers and the authorities, to save her (the race) who 
went astray, through the reconciliation of the world, and the baptism through a Logos-begotten 
body which the great Seth prepared for himself secretly through the virgin, in order that the saints 
may be begotten by the holy Spirit, through invisible, secret symbols, through a reconciliation of 
the world with the world, through the renouncing of the world, and the god of the thirteen aeons, 
and (through) the convocations of the saints and the ineffable ones, and (through) the 
incorruptible bosom, and (through) the great light of the Father, who pre-existed with his 
Providence, and established through her the holy baptism that surpasses the heaven, through the 
incorruptible, Logos-begotten one, even Jesus the living one, even he whom the great Seth has put 
on. And through him, he nailed the powers of the thirteen aeons, and established those who are 
brought forth and taken away. He armed them with an armor of knowledge of this truth, with an 
unconquerable power of incorruptibility. 

There appeared to them the great attendant Yesseus Mazareus Yessedekeus, the living water, and 
the great leaders, James the great and Theopemptos and Isaouel, and they who preside over the 
spring of truth, Micheus and Michar and Mnesinous, and he who presides over the baptism of the 
living, and the purifiers, and Sesengenpharanges, and they who preside over the gates of the 
waters, Micheus and Michar, and they who preside over the mountain, Seldao and Elainos, and 
the receivers of the great race, the incorruptible, mighty men <of> the great Seth, the ministers of 
the four lights, the great Gamaliel, the great Gabriel, the great Samblo, and the great Abrasax, and 
they who preside over the sun, its rising, Olses and Hypneus and Heurumaious, and they who 
preside over the entrance into the rest of eternal life, the rulers Mixanther and Michanor, and they 
who guard the souls of the elect, Akramas and Strempsouchos, and the great power Heli Heli 
Machar Machar Seth, and the great invisible, uncallable, unnameable, virginal Spirit, and the 



13E 



silence, and the (first) great light Harmozel, the place of the living Autogenes, the God of the 
truth, and <he> who is with him, the incorruptible man Adamas, the second, Oroiael, the place of 
the great Seth, and Jesus, who possesses the life, and who came and crucified that which is in the 
law, the third, Davithe, the place of the sons of the great Seth, the fourth, Eleleth, the place where 
the souls of the sons are resting, the fifth, Yoel, who presides over the name of him to whom it will 
be granted to baptize with the holy baptism that surpasses the heaven, the incorruptible one. 

But from now on, through the incorruptible man Poimael, and they who are worthy of (the) 
invocation, the renunciations of the five seals in the spring-baptism, these will know their 
receivers as they are instructed about them, and they will know them (or: be known) by them. 
These will by no means taste death. 

* * * IE ieus EO ou EO Oua! Really, truly, O Yesseus Mazareus Yessedekeus, O living water, O 
child of the child, O glorious name! Really truly, aiOn o On (or: O existing aeon), iiii EEEE eeee 
oooo uuuu OOOO aaaaja}. Really, truly, Ei aaaa OOOO, O existing one who sees the aeons! 
Really, truly, aee EEE iiii uuuuuu OOOOOOOO, who is eternally eternal! Really, truly, iEa aiO, in 
the heart, who exists, u aei eis aei, ei o ei, ei os ei (or: (Son) forever, You are what you are, You are 
who you are)! 

This great name of yours is upon me, O self -begotten Perfect one, who is not outside me. I see you, 
O you who are visible to everyone. For who will be able to comprehend you in another tongue? 
Now that I have known you, I have mixed myself with the immutable. I have armed myself with 
an armor of light; I have become light! For the Mother was at that place because of the splendid 
beauty of grace. Therefore, I have stretched out my hands while they were folded. I was shaped in 
the circle of the riches of the light which is in my bosom, which gives shape to the many begotten 
ones in the light into which no complaint reaches. I shall declare your glory truly, for I have 
comprehended you, sou iEs ide aeiO aeie ois, O aeon, aeon, O God of silence! I honor you 
completely. You are my place of rest, O Son Es Es o e, the formless one who exists in the formless 
ones, who exists raising up the man in whom you will purify me into your life, according to your 
imperishable name. Therefore, the incense of life is in me. I mixed it with water after the model of 
all archons, in order that I may live with you in the peace of the saints, you who exist really truly 
forever. 

* * * This is the book which the great Seth wrote, and placed in high mountains on which the sun 
has not risen, nor is it possible (that it should do so). And since the days of the prophets and the 
apostles and the preachers, the name has not at all risen upon their hearts, nor is it possible (that it 
should do so). And their ear has not heard it. 

The great Seth wrote this book with letters in one hundred and thirty years. He placed it in the 
mountain that is called Gharaxio,' in order that, at the end of the times and the eras, by the will of 
the divine Autogenes and the whole pleroma, through the gift of the untraceable, unthinkable, 
fatherly love, it may come forth and reveal this incorruptible, holy race of the great savior, and 
those who dwell with them in love, and the great, invisible, eternal Spirit, and his only-begotten 
Son, and the eternal light, and his great, incorruptible consort, and the incorruptible Sophia, and 
the Barbelon, and the whole pleroma in eternity. Amen. 

* * * The Gospel of <the> Egyptians. The God-written, holy, secret book. Grace, understanding, 
perception, (and) prudence (be) with him who has written it - Eugnostos the beloved, in the Spirit 
- in the flesh, my name is Gongessos - and my fellow lights in incorruptibility. Jesus Christ, Son of 
God, Savior, Ichthus. God-written (is) the holy book of the great, invisible Spirit. Amen. 

The Holy Book of the Great 
Invisible Spirit. 
Amen. 



133 



Eugnostos the Blessed 



CODEX III 

Translated by Douglas M. Parrott (combining 111,3 and V,l) 

Selection made from James M. Robinson, ed., The Nag Hammadi Library, revised edition. HarperCollins, San Francisco, 1990. 

Eugnostos, the Blessed, to those who are his. 

Rejoice in this, that you know. Greetings! I want you to know that all men born from the 
foundation of the world until now are dust. While they have inquired about God, who he is and 
what he is like, they have not found him. The wisest among them have speculated about the truth 
from the ordering of the world. And the speculation has not reached the truth. For the ordering is 
spoken of in three (different) opinions by all the philosophers; hence they do not agree. For some 
of them say about the world that it was directed by itself. Others, that it is providence (that directs 
it). Others, that it is fate. But it is none of these. Again, of three voices that I have just mentioned, 
none is true. For whatever is from itself is an empty life; it is self-made. Providence is foolish. Fate 
is an undiscerning thing. 

Whoever, then, is able to get free of these three voices I have just mentioned and come by means 
of another voice to confess the God of truth and agree in everything concerning him, he is 
immortal dwelling in the midst of mortal men. 

He-Who-Is is ineffable. No principle knew him, no authority, no subjection, nor any creature from 
the foundation of the world, except he alone. For he is immortal and eternal, having no birth; for 
everyone who has birth will perish. He is unbegotten, having no beginning; for everyone who has 
a beginning has an end. No one rules over him. He has no name; for whoever has a name is the 
creation of another. He is unnameable. He has no human form; for whoever has human form is 
the creation of another. He has his own semblance - not like the semblance we have received and 
seen, but a strange semblance that surpasses all things and is better than the totalities. It looks to 
every side and sees itself from itself. He is infinite; he is incomprehensible. He is ever imperishable 
(and) has no likeness (to anything). He is unchanging good. He is faultless. He is everlasting. He is 
blessed. He is unknowable, while he (nonetheless) knows himself. He is immeasurable. He is 
untraceable. He is perfect, having no defect. He is imperishably blessed. He is called 'Father of the 
Universe'. 

Before anything is visible among those that are visible, the majesty and the authorities that are in 
him, he embraces the totalities of the totalities, and nothing embraces him. For he is all mind, 
thought and reflecting, considering, rationality and power. They all are equal powers. They are the 
sources of the totalities. And their whole race <from first> to last is in the foreknowledge of the 
Unbegotten, for they had not yet come to visibility. 

Now a difference existed among the imperishable aeons. Let us, then, consider (it) this way: 
Everything that came from the perishable will perish, since it came from the perishable. Whatever 
came from imperishableness will not perish but will become imperishable, since it came from 
imperishableness. So, many men went astray because they had not known this difference; that is, 
they died. 

But this much is enough, since it is impossible for anyone to dispute the nature of the words I have 
just spoken about the blessed, imperishable, true God. Now, if anyone wants to believe the words 
set down (here), let him go from what is hidden to the end of what is visible, and this Thought 
will instruct him how faith in those things that are not visible was found in what is visible. This is 
a principle of knowledge. 

The Lord of the Universe is not rightly called 'Father' but 'Forefather'. For the Father is the 
beginning (or principle) of what is visible. For he (the Lord) is the beginningless Forefather. He 
sees himself within himself, like a mirror, having appeared in his likeness as Self-Father, that is, 
Self-Begetter, and as Confronter, since he confronted Unbegotten First Existent. He is indeed of 
equal age with the one who is before him, but he is not equal to him in power. 



134 



Afterward he revealed many confronting, self-begotten ones, equal in age (and) power, being in 
glory and without number, who are called 'The Generation over Whom There Is No Kingdom 
among the Kingdoms That Exist'. And the whole multitude of the place over which there is no 
kingdom is called 'Sons of Unbegotten Father.' 

Now the Unknowable is ever full of imperishableness and ineffable joy. They are all at rest in him, 
ever rejoicing in ineffable joy, over the unchanging glory and the measureless jubilation that was 
never heard or known among all the aeons and their worlds. But this much is enough, lest we go 
on endlessly. This is another principle of knowledge from <Self->begotten. 

The First who appeared before the universe in infinity is Self-grown, Self-constructed Father, and 
is full of shining, ineffable light. In the beginning, he decided to have his likeness become a great 
power. Immediately, the principle (or beginning) of that Light appeared as Immortal 
Androgynous Man. His male name is 'Begotten, Perfect Mind'. And his female name is All-wise 
Begettress Sophia'. It is also said that she resembles her brother and her consort. She is 
uncontested truth; for here below, error, which exists with truth, contests it. 

Through Immortal Man appeared the first designation, namely, divinity and kingdom, for the 
Father, who is called 'Self-Father Man' revealed this. He created a great aeon for his own majesty. 
He gave him great authority, and he ruled over all creations. He created gods and archangels and 
angels, myriads without number for retinue. 

Now through that Man originated divinity and kingdom. Therefore he was called 'God of gods', 
'King of kings'. 

First Man is 'Faith' ('pistis') for those who will come afterward. He has, within, a unique mind and 
thought - just as he is it (thought) - reflecting and considering, rationality and power. All the 
attributes that exist are perfect and immortal. In respect to imperishableness, they are indeed 
equal. (But) in respect to power, there is a difference, like the difference between father and son, 
and son and thought, and the thought and the remainder. 

As I said earlier, among the things that were created the monad is first, the dyad follows it, and 
the triad, up to the tenths. Now the tenths rule the hundredths; the hundredths rule the 
thousandths; the thousands rule the ten thousands. This is the pattern <among the> immortals. 
First Man is like this: His monad [...]. 

Again it is this pattern that exists among the immortals: the monad and the thought are those 
things that belong to Immortal Man. The thinkings are for <the> decads, and the hundreds are the 
teachings, and the thousands are the counsels, and the ten thousands are the powers. Now those 
who come from the [...] exist with their [...] in every aeon [...]. 

[...] In the beginning, thought and thinkings appeared from mind, then teachings from thinkings, 
counsels from teachings, and power from counsels. And after all the attributes, all that was 
revealed appeared from his powers. And from what was created, what was fashioned appeared. 
And what was formed appeared from what was fashioned. What was named appeared from what 
was formed, while the difference among begotten things appeared from what was named, from 
beginning to end, by power of all the aeons. Now Immortal Man is full of every imperishable 
glory and ineffable joy. His whole kingdom rejoices in everlasting rejoicing, those who never have 
been heard of or known in any aeon that came after them and its worlds. 

Afterward another principle came from Immortal Man, who is called 'Self -perfected Begetter.' 
When he received the consent of his consort, Great Sophia, he revealed that first-begotten 
androgyne, who is called, 'First-begotten Son of God'. His female aspect is 'First-begotten Sophia, 
Mother of the Universe,' whom some call 'Love'. Now, First-begotten, since he has his authority 
from his father, created angels, myriads without number, for retinue. The whole multitude of 
those angels are called Assembly of the Holy Ones, the Shadowless Lights.' Now when these greet 
each other, their embraces become like angels like themselves. 

First Begetter Father is called Adam of the Light. 1 And the kingdom of Son of Man is full of 
ineffable joy and unchanging jubilation, ever rejoicing in ineffable joy over their imperishable 



135 



glory, which has never been heard nor has it been revealed to all the aeons that came to be and 
their worlds. 

Then Son of Man consented with Sophia, his consort, and revealed a great androgynous Light. His 
masculine name is designated 'Savior, Begetter of All things'. His feminine name is designated 
'Sophia, All-Begettress'. Some call her 'Pistis' (faith). 

Then Savior consented with his consort, Pistis Sophia, and revealed six androgynous spiritual 
beings who are the type of those who preceded them. Their male names are these: first, 
'Unbegotten 1 ; second, 'Self-begotten 1 ; third, 'Begetter 1 ; fourth, 'First begetter'; fifth, 'All-begetter 1 ; 
sixth, Arch-begetter'. Also the names of the females are these; first, All-wise Sophia'; second, All- 
Mother Sophia 1 ; third, All-Begettress Sophia'; fourth, 'First Begettress Sophia'; fifth, 'Love Sophia'; 
sixth, 'Pistis Sophia 1 . 

From the consenting of those I have just mentioned, thoughts appeared in the aeons that exist. 
From thoughts, reflectings; from reflectings, considerings; from considerings, rationalities, from 
rationalities, wills, from wills, words. 

Then the twelve powers, whom I have just discussed, consented with each other. <Six> males 
(and) females (each) were revealed, so that there are seventy- two powers. Each one of the seventy- 
two revealed five spiritual (powers), which (together) are the three hundred and sixty powers. The 
union of them all is the will. 

Therefore our aeon came to be as the type of Immortal Man. Time came to be as the type of First 
Begetter, his son. The year came to be as the type of Savior. The twelve months came to be as the 
type of the twelve powers. The three hundred and sixty days of the year came to be as the three 
hundred and sixty powers who appeared from Savior. Their hours and moments came to be as the 
type of the angels who came from them (the powers), who are without number. 

And when those whom I have discussed appeared, All-Begetter, their father, very soon created 
twelve aeons for retinue for the twelve angels. And in each aeon there were six (heavens), so there 
are seventy-two heavens of the seventy-two powers who appeared from him. And in each of the 
heavens there were five firmaments, so there are (altogether) three hundred sixty firmaments of 
the three hundred sixty powers that appeared from them. When the firmaments were complete, 
they were called 'The Three Hundred Sixty Heavens', according to the name of the heavens that 
were before them. And all these are perfect and good. And in this way the defect of femaleness 
appeared. 

The first aeon, then, is that of Immortal Man. The second aeon is that of Son of Man, who is called 
'First Begetter' ("who is called 'Savior'" added in Codex V). That which embraces these is the aeon 
over which there is no kingdom, (the aeon) of the Eternal Infinite God, the aeon of the aeon of the 
immortals who are in it, (the aeon) above the Eighth that appeared in chaos. 

Now Immortal Man revealed aeons and powers and kingdoms and gave authority to everyone 
who appeared from him, to make whatever they desire until the days that are above chaos. For 
these consented with each other and revealed every magnificence, even from spirit, multitudinous 
lights that are glorious and without number. These received names in the beginning, that is, the 
first, the middle, the perfect; that is, the first aeon and the second and the third. The first was 
called 'Unity and Rest'. Since each one has its (own) name, the <third> aeon was designated 
Assembly', from the great multitude that appeared in the multitudinous one. Therefore, when the 
multitude gathers and comes to a unity, they are called Assembly', from the Assembly that 
surpassed heaven. Therefore, the Assembly of the Eighth was revealed as androgynous and was 
named partly as male and partly as female. The male was called Assembly', the female, Life', that 
it might be shown that from a female came the life in all the aeons. Every name was received, 
starting from the beginning. 

From his concurrence with his thought, the powers appeared who where called 'gods'; and the 
gods from their considerings revealed divine gods; and the gods from their considerings revealed 
lords; and the lords of the lords from their words revealed lords; and the lords from their powers 
revealed archangels; the archangels revealed angels; from <them,> the semblance appeared, with 
structure and form for naming all the aeons and their worlds. 



13E 



All the immortals, whom I have just described, have authority - all of them - from the power of 
Immortal Man and Sophia, his consort, who was called 'Silence 1 , who was named 'Silence' because 
by reflecting without speech she perfected her own majesty. Since the imperishabilities had the 
authority, each provided great kingdoms in all the immortal heavens and their firmaments, 
thrones (and) temples, for their own majesty. 

Some, Indeed, (who are) in dwellings and in chariots, being in ineffable glory and not able to be 
sent into any creature, provided for themselves hosts of angels, myriads without number for 
retinue and glory, even virgin spirits, the ineffable lights. They have no sickness nor weakness, but 
it is only will: it comes to be in an instant. Thus were completed the aeons with their heavens and 
firmaments for the glory of Immortal Man and Sophia, his consort: the area which <contained the 
pattern of> every aeon and their worlds and those that came afterward, in order to provide the 
types from there, their likenesses in the heavens of chaos and their worlds. 

And all natures from the Immortal One, from Unbegotten to the revelation of chaos, are in the 
light that shines without shadow and (in) ineffable joy and unutterable jubilation. They ever 
delight themselves on account of their glory that does not change, and the rest that is not 
measured, which cannot be described or conceived among all the aeons that came to be and their 
powers. But this much is enough. All I have just said to you, I said in the way that you might 
accept, until the one who need not be taught appears among you, and he will speak all these 
things to you joyously and in pure knowledge. 



Eugnostos the Blessed 



The Sophia of Jesus Christ 



CODEX III 

Translated by Douglas M. Parrott 

Selection made from James M. Robinson, ed., The Nag Hammadi Library, revised edition. HarperCollins, San Francisco, 1990. 

The Sophia (Wisdom) of Jesus Christ. 

After he rose from the dead, his twelve disciples and seven women continued to be his followers, 
and went to Galilee onto the mountain called "Divination and Joy". When they gathered together 
and were perplexed about the underlying reality of the universe and the plan, and the holy 
providence, and the power of the authorities, and about everything the Savior is doing with them 
in the secret of the holy plan, the Savior appeared - not in his previous form, but in the invisible 
spirit. And his likeness resembles a great angel of light. But his resemblance I must not describe. 
No mortal flesh could endure it, but only pure, perfect flesh, like that which he taught us about on 
the mountain called "Of the Olives" in Galilee. 

And he said: "Peace be to you, My peace I give you!" And they all marveled and were afraid. The 
Savior laughed and said to them: "What are you thinking about? Are you perplexed? What are 
you searching for?" 

Philip said: "For the underlying reality of the universe and the plan." 

The Savior said to them: "I want you to know that all men are born on earth from the foundation 
of the world until now, being dust, while they have inquired about God, who he is and what he is 
like, have not found him. Now the wisest among them have speculated from the ordering of the 
world and (its) movement. But their speculation has not reached the truth. For it is said that the 
ordering is directed in three ways, by all the philosophers, (and) hence they do not agree. For 
some of them say about the world that it is directed by itself. Others, that it is providence (that 
directs it). Others, that it is fate. But it is none of these. Again, of the three voices I have just 
mentioned, none is close to the truth, and (they are) from man. But I, who came from Infinite 
Light, I am here - for I know him (Light) - that I might speak to you about the precise nature of the 
truth. For whatever is from itself is a polluted life; it is self-made. Providence has no wisdom in it. 
And fate does not discern. But to you it is given to know; and whoever is worthy of knowledge 
will receive (it), whoever has not been begotten by the sowing of unclean rubbing but by First 
Who Was Sent, for he is an immortal in the midst of mortal men." 

Matthew said to him: "Lord, no one can find the truth except through you. Therefore teach us the 
truth." 

The Savior said: "He Who Is is ineffable. No principle knew him, no authority, no subjection, nor 
any creature from the foundation of the world until now, except he alone, and anyone to whom he 
wants to make revelation through him who is from First Light. From now on, I am the Great 
Savior. For he is immortal and eternal. Now he is eternal, having no birth; for everyone who has 
birth will perish. He is unbegotten, having no beginning; for everyone who has a beginning has an 
end. Since no one rules over him, he has no name; for whoever has a name is the creation of 
another." 

(BG 84, 13-17 adds: He is unnameable. He has no human form; for whoever has human form is the 
creation of another). 

"And he has a semblance of his own - not like what you have seen and received, but a strange 
semblance that surpasses all things and is better than the universe. It looks to every side and sees 
itself from itself. Since it is infinite, he is ever incomprehensible. He is imperishable and has no 
likeness (to anything). He is unchanging good. He is faultless. He is eternal. He is blessed. While 
he is not known, he ever knows himself. He is immeasurable. He is untraceable. He is perfect, 
having no defect. He is imperishability blessed. He is called 'Father of the Universe'". 

Philip said: "Lord, how, then, did he appear to the perfect ones?" 



138 



The perfect Savior said to him: "Before anything is visible of those that are visible, the majesty and 
the authority are in him, since he embraces the whole of the totalities, while nothing embraces 
him. For he is all mind. And he is thought and considering and reflecting and rationality and 
power. They all are equal powers. They are the sources of the totalities. And their whole race from 
first to last was in his foreknowledge, (that of) the infinite, unbegotten Father." 

Thomas said to him: "Lord, Savior, why did these come to be, and why were these revealed?" 

The perfect Savior said: "I came from the Infinite that I might tell you all things. Spirit- Who-Is was 
the begetter, who had the power <of> a begetter and a form-giver's nature, that the great wealth 
that was hidden in him might be revealed. Because of his mercy and his love, he wished to bring 
forth fruit by himself, that he might not <enjoy> his goodness alone, but (that) other spirits of the 
Unwavering Generation might bring forth body and fruit, glory and honor, in imperishableness 
and his infinite grace, that his treasure might be revealed by Self-begotten God, the father of every 
imperishableness and those that came to be afterward. But they had not yet come to visibility. 
Now a great difference exists among the imperishables." 

He called out, saying: "Whoever has ears to hear about the infinities, let him hear!"; and "I have 
addressed those who are awake." Still he continued and said: "Everything that came from the 
perishable will perish, since it came from the perishable. But whatever came from 
imperishableness does not perish but becomes imperishable. So, many men went astray because 
they had not known this difference and they died." 

Mary said to him: "Lord, then how will we know that?" 

The perfect Savior said: "Come (you) from invisible things to the end of those that are visible, and 
the very emanation of Thought will reveal to you how faith in those things that are not visible was 
found in those that are visible, those that belong to Unbegotten Father. Whoever has ears to hear, 
let him hear! 

"The Lord of the Universe is not called 'Father', but 'Forefather', the beginning of those that will 
appear, but he (the Lord) is the beginningless Forefather. Seeing himself within himself in a 
mirror, he appeared resembling himself, but his likeness appeared as Divine Self-Father, and <as> 
Confronter over the Confronted ones, First Existent Unbegotten Father. He is indeed of equal age 
<with> the Light that is before him, but he is not equal to him in power. 

"And afterward was revealed a whole multitude of confronting, self-begotten ones, equal in age 
and power, being in glory (and) without number, whose race is called 'The Generation over 
Whom There Is No Kingdom' from the one in whom you yourselves have appeared from these 
men. And that whole multitude over which there is no kingdom is called 'Sons of Unbegotten 
Father, God, Savior, Son of God,' whose likeness is with you. Now he is the unknowable, who is 
full of ever-imperishable glory and ineffable joy. They all are at rest in him, ever rejoicing in 
ineffable joy in his unchanging glory and measureless jubilation; this was never heard or known 
among all the aeons and their worlds until now." 

Matthew said to him: "Lord, Savior, how was Man revealed?" 

The perfect Savior said: "I want you to know that he who appeared before the universe in infinity, 
Self-grown, Self-constructed Father, being full of shining light and ineffable, in the beginning, 
when he decided to have his likeness become a great power, immediately the principle (or 
beginning) of that Light appeared as Immortal Androgynous Man, that through that Immortal 
Androgynous Man they might attain their salvation and awake from forgetfulness through the 
interpreter who was sent, who is with you until the end of the poverty of the robbers. 

"And his consort is the Great Sophia, who from the first was destined in him for union by Self- 
begotten Father, from Immortal Man, who appeared as First and divinity and kingdom, for the 
Father, who is called 'Man, Self-Father', revealed this. And he created a great aeon, whose name is 
'Ogdoad', for his own majesty. 

"He was given great authority, and he ruled over the creation of poverty. He created gods and 
angels, <and> archangels, myriads without number for retinue, from that Light and the tri-male 



1 3 9 



Spirit, which is that of Sophia, his consort. For from this, God originated divinity and kingdom. 
Therefore he was called 'God of gods' and 'King of kings'. 

"First Man has his unique mind, within, and thought - just as he is it (thought) - (and) considering, 
reflecting, rationality, power. All the attributes that exist are perfect and immortal. In respect to 
imperishableness, they are indeed equal. (But) in respect to power, they are different, like the 
difference between father and son <, and son> and thought, and the thought and the remainder. 
As I said earlier, among the things that were created, the monad is first. 

"And after everything, all that was revealed appeared from his power. And from what was 
created, all that was fashioned appeared; from what was fashioned appeared what was formed; 
from what was formed, what was named. Thus came the difference among the unbegotten ones 
from beginning to end." 

Then Bartholomew said to him: "How (is it that) <he> was designated in the Gospel 'Man' and 
'Son of Man'? To which of them, then, is this Son related?" 

The Holy One said to him: "I want you to know that First Man is called 'Begetter, Self-perfected 
Mind'. He reflected with Great Sophia, his consort, and revealed his first-begotten, androgynous 
son. His male name is designated 'First Begetter, Son of God', his female name, 'First Begettress 
Sophia, Mother of the Universe'. Some call her 'Love'. Now First-begotten is called 'Christ'. Since 
he has authority from his father, he created a multitude of angels without number for retinue from 
Spirit and Light." 

His disciples said to him: "Lord, reveal to us about the one called 'Man', that we also may know 
his glory exactly." 

The perfect Savior said: "Whoever has ears to hear, let him hear. First Begetter Father is called 
Adam, Eye of Light,' because he came from shining Light, and his holy angels, who are ineffable 
(and) shadowless, ever rejoice with joy in their reflecting, which they received from their Father. 
The whole Kingdom of Son of Man, who is called 'Son of God,' is full of ineffable and shadowless 
joy, and unchanging jubilation, (they) rejoicing over his imperishable glory, which has never been 
heard until now, nor has it been revealed in the aeons that came afterward, and their worlds. I 
came from Self-begotten and First Infinite Light, that I might reveal everything to you." 

Again, his disciples said: "Tell us clearly how they came down from the invisibilities, from the 
immortal to the world that dies?" 

The perfect Savior said: "Son of Man consented with Sophia, his consort, and revealed a great 
androgynous light. His male name is designated 'Savior, Begetter of All Things'. His female name 
is designated All-Begettress Sophia'. Some call her 'Pistis'. 

"All who come into the world, like a drop from the Light, are sent by him to the world of 
Almighty, that they might be guarded by him. And the bond of his forgetfulness bound him by 
the will of Sophia, that the matter might be <revealed> through it to the whole world in poverty, 
concerning his (Almighty's) arrogance and blindness and the ignorance that he was named. But I 
came from the places above by the will of the great Light, (I) who escaped from that bond; I have 
cut off the work of the robbers; I have awakened that drop that was sent from Sophia, that it might 
bear much fruit through me, and be perfected and not again be defective, but be <joined> through 
me, the Great Savior, that his glory might be revealed, so that Sophia might also be justified in 
regard to that defect, that her sons might not again become defective but might attain honor and 
glory and go up to their Father, and know the words of the masculine Light. And you were sent 
by the Son, who was sent that you might receive Light, and remove yourselves from the 
forgetfulness of the authorities, and that it might not again come to appearance because of you, 
namely, the unclean rubbing that is from the fearful fire that came from their fleshly part. Tread 
upon their malicious intent." 

Then Thomas said to him: "Lord, Savior, how many are the aeons of those who surpass the 
heavens?" 

The perfect Savior said: "I praise you (pi.) because you ask about the great aeons, for your roots are 
in the infinities. Now when those whom I have discussed earlier were revealed, he provided .... 



1 40 



[pages 109 and 110 are missing, replaced here by the corresponding section in the Berlin Gnostic 
Codex (no.8502), the beginning of which is somewhat different from the final partial sentence of 
III 108 (the broken off sentence)] 

[BG107]: "Now when those whom I have discussed earlier were revealed, Self-begetter Father very 
soon created twelve aeons for retinue for the twelve angels. All these are perfect and good. Thus 
the defect in the female appeared." 

And <he> said to him: "How many are the aeons of the immortals, starting from the infinities?" 

The perfect Savior said: "Whoever has ears to hear, let him hear. The first aeon is that of Son of 
Man, who is called 'First Begetter 1 , who is called 'Savior', who has appeared. The second aeon (is) 
that of Man, who is called Adam, Eye of Light'. That which embraces these is the aeon over which 
there is no kingdom, (the aeon) of the Eternal Infinite God, the Self-begotten aeon of the aeons that 
are in it, (the aeon) of the immortals, whom I described earlier, (the aeon) above the Seventh, that 
appeared from Sophia, which is the first aeon. 

"Now Immortal Man revealed aeons and powers and kingdoms, and gave authority to all who 
appear in him, that they might exercise their desires until the last things that are above chaos. For 
these consented with each other and revealed every magnificence, even from spirit, multitudinous 
lights that are glorious and without number. These were called in the beginning, that is, the first 
aeon and <the second> and <the third>. The first <is> called 'Unity and Rest'. Each one has its 
(own) name; for the <third> aeon was designated Assembly' from the great multitude that 
appeared: in one, a multitude revealed themselves. Now because the multitudes gather and come 
to a unity we call them Assembly of the Eighth. 'It appeared as androgynous and was name partly 
as male and partly as female. The male is called Assembly', while the female is called 'Life', that it 
might be shown that from a female came the life for all the aeons. And every name was received, 
starting from the beginning. 

"For from his concurrence with his thought, the powers very soon appeared who were called 
'gods'; and the gods of the gods from their wisdom revealed gods; <and the gods> from their 
wisdom revealed lords; and the lords of the lords from their thinkings revealed lords; and the 
lords from their power revealed archangels; the archangels from their words revealed angels; from 
them, semblances appeared, with structure and form and name for all the aeons and their worlds. 

"And the immortals, whom I have just described, all have authority from Immortal Man, who is 
called 'Silence', because by reflecting without speech all her own majesty was perfected. For since 
the imperishabilities had the authority, each created a great kingdom in the Eighth, (and) also 
thrones and temples (and) firmaments for their own majesties. For these all came by the will of the 
Mother of the Universe." 

Then the Holy Apostles said to him: "Lord, Savior, tell us about those who are in the aeons, since it 
is necessary for us to ask about them." 

The perfect Savior said: "If you ask about anything, I will tell you. They created hosts of angels, 
myriads without number, for retinue and their glory. They created virgin spirits, the ineffable and 
unchangeable lights. For they have no sickness nor weakness, but it is will. [BG 115,14 adds here: 
And they came to be in an instant.] 

"Thus the aeons were completed quickly in the heavens and the firmaments in the glory of 
Immortal Man and Sophia, his consort: the area from which every aeon and the world and those 
that came afterward took (their) pattern for their creation of likenesses in the heavens of chaos and 
their worlds. And all natures, starting from the revelation of chaos, are in the Light that shines 
without shadow, and joy that cannot be described, and unutterable jubilation. They ever delight 
themselves on account of their unchanging glory and the immeasurable rest, which cannot be 
described among all the aeons that came to be afterward, and all their powers. Now all that I have 
just said to you, I said that you might shine in Light more than these." 

Mary said to him: "Holy Lord, where did your disciples come from, and where are they going, and 
(what) should they do here?" 



141 



The Perfect Savior said to them: "I want you to know that Sophia, the Mother of the Universe and 
the consort, desired by herself to bring these to existence without her male (consort). But by the 
will of the Father of the Universe, that his unimaginable goodness might be revealed, he created 
that curtain between the immortals and those that came afterward, that the consequence might 
follow ... [BG 118:] ... every aeon and chaos - that the defect of the female might <appear>, and it 
might come about that Error would contend with her. And these became the curtain of spirit. 
From <the> aeons above the emanations of Light, as I have said already, a drop from Light and 
Spirit came down to the lower regions of Almighty in chaos, that their molded forms might 
appear from that drop, for it is a judgment on him, Arch-Begetter, who is called 'Yaldabaoth. That 
drop revealed their molded forms through the breath, as a living soul. It was withered and it 
slumbered in the ignorance of the soul. When it became hot from the breath of the Great Light of 
the Male, and it took thought, (then) names were received by all who are in the world of chaos, 
and all things that are in it through that Immortal One, when the breath blew into him. But when 
this came about by the will of Mother Sophia - so that Immortal Man might piece together the 
garments there for a judgment on the robbers - <he> then welcomed the blowing of that breath; 
but since he was soul-like, he was not able to take that power for himself until the number of 
chaos should be complete, (that is,) when the time determined by the great angel is complete. 

"Now I have taught you about Immortal Man and have loosed the bonds of the robbers from him. 
I have broken the gates of the pitiless ones in their presence. I have humiliated their malicious 
intent, and they all have been shamed and have risen from their ignorance. Because of this, then, I 
came here, that they might be joined with that Spirit and Breath, [III continues:] and might from 
two become one, just as from the first, that you might yield much fruit and go up to Him Who Is 
from the Beginning, in ineffable joy and glory and honor and grace of the Father of the Universe. 

"Whoever, then, knows the Father in pure knowledge will depart to the Father and repose in 
Unbegotten Father. But whoever knows him defectively will depart to the defect and the rest of 
the Eighth. Now whoever knows Immortal Spirit of Light in silence, through reflecting and 
consent in the truth, let him bring me signs of the Invisible One, and he will become a light in the 
Spirit of Silence. Whoever knows Son of Man in knowledge and love, let him bring me a sign of 
Son of Man, that he might depart to the dwelling-places with those in the Eighth. 

"Behold, I have revealed to you the name of the Perfect One, the whole will of the Mother of the 
Holy Angels, that the masculine multitude may be completed here, that there might appear in the 
aeons, the infinities and those that came to be in the untraceable wealth of the Great Invisible 
Spirit, that they all might take from his goodness, even the wealth of their rest that has no 
kingdom over it. I came from First Who Was Sent, that I might reveal to you Him Who Is from the 
Beginning, because of the arrogance of Arch-Begetter and his angels, since they say about 
themselves that they are gods. And I came to remove them from their blindness, that I might tell 
everyone about the God who is above the universe. Therefore, tread upon their graves, humiliate 
their malicious intent, and break their yoke and arouse my own. I have given you authority over 
all things as Sons of Light, that you might tread upon their power with your feet." 

These are the things the blessed Savior said, and he disappeared from them. Then all the disciples 
were in great, ineffable joy in the spirit from that day on. And his disciples began to preach the 
Gospel of God, the eternal, imperishable Spirit. Amen. 

The Sophia of Jesus 



1 4E 



The Dialogue of the Savior 



CODEX III 

Translated by Stephen Emmel 

Selection made from James M. Robinson, ed., The Nag Hammadi Library, revised edition. HarperCollins, San Francisco, 1990. 

The Savior said to his disciples, "Already the time has come, brothers, for us to abandon our labor 
and stand at rest. For whoever stands at rest will rest forever. And I say to you, be always above 
[...] time [...] you [...] be afraid of [...] you [...] anger is fearful [...] arouse anger [...] but since you 
have [...] they accepted these words concerning it with fear and trembling, and it set them up with 
governors, for from it nothing was forthcoming. But when I came, I opened the path, and I taught 
them about the passage which they will traverse, the elect and solitary, who have known the 
Father, having believed the truth and all the praises while you offered praise. 

"So when you offer praise, do so like this: Hear us, Father, just as you heard your only-begotten 
son, and received him, and gave him rest from any [...] You are the one whose power [...] your 
armor [...] is [...] light [...] living [...] touch [...] the word [...] repentance [...] life [...] you. You are the 
thinking and the entire serenity of the solitary. Again: Hear us just as you heard your elect. 
Through your sacrifice, these will enter; through their good works, these have saved their souls 
from these blind limbs, so that they might exist eternally. Amen. 

"I will teach you. When the time of dissolution arrives, the first power of darkness will come upon 
you. Do not be afraid and say "Behold! The time has come!" But when you see a single staff ... (3 
lines indecipherable) ... understand [...] the work [...] and the governors [...] come upon you [...]. 
Truly, fear is the power [...]. So if you are going to be afraid of what is about to come upon you, it 
will engulf you. For there is not one among them who will spare you or show you mercy. But in 
this way, look at the [...] in it, since you have mastered every word on earth. It [...] take you up to 
the [...] place where there is no rule [...] tyrant. When you [...] you will see those who [...] and also 
[...] tell you [...] the reasoning power [...] reasoning power [...] place of truth [...] but [...]. But you 
[...] truth, this [...] living [...] and your joy [...]. So [...] in order that [...] your souls [...] lest it [...] the 
word [...] raise... (3 lines indecipherable) ... For the crossing place is fearful before you. But you, with 
a single mind, pass it by! For its depth is great; its height is enormous [...] single mind [...] and the 
fire [...] [...] all the powers [...] you, they [...] and the powers [...] they [...][...] soul [...] [...] in 
everyone [...] you are the [...] and [...] forget [...] son [...] and you [...][...]." 

Matthew said, "How [...][...]?" 

The Savior said "[...] the things inside you [...] will remain, you [...]." 

Judas said, "Lord [...] the works [...] these souls, these [...], these little ones, when [...] where will 
they be? [...] the spirit [...]?" 

The Lord said, "[...] receive them. These do not die, [...] they are not destroyed, for they have 
known their consorts and him who would receive them. For the truth seeks out the wise and the 
righteous." 

The Savior said, "The lamp of the body is the mind. As long as the things inside you are set in 
order, that is, [...], your bodies are luminous. As long as your hearts are dark, the luminosity you 
anticipate [...] I have [...] I will go [...] my word [...] I send [...]." 

His disciples said, "Lord, who is it who seeks, and [...] reveals?" 

The Lord said to them, "He who seeks [...] reveals [...]." 

Matthew said, "Lord, when I [...] and when I speak, who is it who [...] and who listens?" 

The Lord said, "It is the one who speaks who also listens, and it is the one who can see who also 
reveals." 

Mary said, "Lord, behold! Whence do I bear the body while I weep, and whence while I [laugh]?" 



143 



The Lord said, "[...] weeps on account of its works [...] remain and the mind laughs [...][...] spirit. If 
one does not [...] darkness, he will be able to see [...]. So I tell you [...] light is the darkness [...] 
stand in [...] not see the light [...] the lie [...] they brought them from [...]. You will give [...] and [...] 
exist forever. [...][...] ever. Then all the powers which are above, as well as those below, will [...] 
you. In that place there will be weeping and gnashing of teeth over the end of all these things." 

Judas said, "Tell us, Lord, what was [...] before the heaven and the earth existed." 

The Lord said, "There was darkness and water, and spirit upon water. And I say to you [...] what 
you seek after [...] inquire after [...] within you [...] the power and the mystery [...] spirit, for from 
[...] wickedness [...] come [...] mind [...] behold [...][...]." 

[...] said, "Lord, tell us where the [...] is established, and where the true mind exists." 
The Lord said, "The fire of the spirit came into existence [...] both. On this account, the [...] came 
into existence, and the true mind came into existence within them [...]. If someone sets his soul up 
high, then he will be exalted." 

And Matthew asked him, "[...] took [...], it is he who [...]." 

The Lord said, "[...] stronger than [...] you [...] to follow you and all the works [...] your hearts. For 
just as your hearts [...], so [...] the means to overcome the powers above, as well as those below [...]. 
I say to you, let him who possesses power renounce it and repent. And let him who [...] seek and 
find and rejoice." 

Judas said, "Behold! I see that all things exist [...] like signs upon [...]. On this account did they 
happen thus." 

The Lord said, "When the Father established the cosmos, he [...] water from it, and his Word came 
forth from it, and it inhabited many [...]. It was higher than the path [...] surrounds the entire earth 
[...] the collected water [...] existing outside them. [...] the water, a great fire encircling them like a 
wall. [...] time once many things had become separated from what was inside. When the [...] was 
established, he looked [...], and said to it, 'Go, and [...] from yourself, in order that [...] be in want 
from generation to generation, and from age to age.' Then it cast forth from itself fountains of milk 
and fountains of honey, and oil and wine and good fruits, and sweet flavor and good roots, in 
order that it might not be deficient from generation to generation, and from age to age. And it is 
above [...] standing [...] its beauty [...] and outside there was a great light, powerful [...] resemble it, 
for it [...] rules over all the aeons above and below. [...] was taken from the fire [...] it was scattered 
in the [...] above and below. All the works which depend on them, it is they [...] over the heaven 
above and over the earth below. On them depend all the works." 

And when Judas heard these things, he bowed down, and he [...], and he offered praise to the 
Lord. 

Mary hailed her brethren, saying, "Where are you going to put these things about which you ask 
the son [...]?" 

The Lord said to her, "Sister, [no one] will be able to inquire about these things except for someone 
who has somewhere to put them in his heart. [...] to come forth [...] and enter [...], so that they 
might not hold back [...] this impoverished cosmos." 

Matthew said, "Lord, I want to see that place of life, [the place] where there is no wickedness, but 
rather, there is pure light!" 

The Lord said, "Brother Matthew, you will not be able to see it as long as you are carrying flesh 
around." 

Matthew said, "Lord, even if I will not be able to see it, let me know it!" 

The Lord said, "Everyone who has known himself has seen it in everything given to him to do, [...] 
and has come to [...] it in his goodness." 

Judas responded, saying, "Tell me, Lord, how it is that [...] which shakes the earth moves." 
The Lord picked up a stone and held it in his hand, saying "What am I holding in my hand?" 
He said, "It is a stone." 



144 



He said to them, "That which supports the earth is that which supports the heaven. When a Word 
comes forth from the Greatness, it will come on what supports the heaven and the earth. For the 
earth does not move. Were it to move, it would fall. But it neither moves nor falls, in order that the 
First Word might not fail. For it was that which established the cosmos and inhabited it, and 
inhaled fragrance from it. For [...] which do not move, I [...] you, all the sons of men. For you are 
from that place. In the hearts of those who speak out of joy and truth, you exist. Even if it comes 
forth in the body of the Father among men, and is not received, still it [...] return to its place. 
Whoever does not know the work of perfection, knows nothing. If one does not stand in the 
darkness, he will not be able to see the light. If one does not understand how fire came into 
existence, he will burn in it, because he does not know the root of it. If one does not first 
understand water, he knows nothing. For what use is there for him to be baptized in it? If one 
does not understand how blowing wind came into existence, he will blow away with it. If one 
does not understand how body, which he bears, came into existence, he will perish with it. And 
how will someone who does not know the Son know the Father? And to someone who will not 
know the root of all things, they remain hidden. Someone who will not know the root of 
wickedness is no stranger to it. Whoever will not understand how he came will not understand 
how he will go, and he is no stranger to this cosmos which will [...], which will be humiliated." 

Then he [...] Judas and Matthew and Mary [...] the edge of heaven and earth. And when he placed 
his hand upon them, they hoped that they might [...] it. Judas raised his eyes and saw an 
exceedingly high place, and he saw the place of the abyss below. Judas said to Matthew, "Brother, 
who will be able to climb up to such a height or down to the bottom of the abyss? For there is a 
tremendous fire there, and something very fearful!" At that moment, a Word came forth from it. 
As it stood there, he saw how it had come down. Then he said to it, "Why have you come down?" 

And the Son of Man greeted them and said to them, "A seed from a power was deficient, and it 
went down to the abyss of the earth. And the Greatness remembered it, and he sent the Word to it. 
It brought it up into his presence, so that the First Word might not fail." 

Then his disciples were amazed at all the things he had said to them, and they accepted them on 
faith. And they concluded that it is useless to regard wickedness. 

(38) Then he said to his disciples, "Have I not told you that like a visible voice and flash of 
lightning will the good be taken up to the light?" 

Then all his disciples offered him praise and said, "Lord, before you appeared here, who was it 
who offered you praise? For all praises exist on your account. Or who is it who will bless you? For 
all blessing derives from you." 

(40) As they stood there, he saw two spirits bringing a single soul with them in a great flash of 
lightning. And a Word came forth from the Son of Man, saying, "Give them their garment!" And 
the small one became like the big one. They were [...] those who received them [...] each other. 
Then [...] disciples, whom he had [...]. 

Mary said, "[...] see evil [...] them from the first [...] each other. 

The Lord said, "[...] when you see them [...] become huge, they will [...]. But when you see the 
Eternal Existent, that is the great vision." 

They all said to him, "Tell us about it!" 

He said to them, "How do you wish to see it? By means of a transient vision or an eternal vision?" 
He went on and said, "Strive to save that which can follow you, and to seek it out, and to speak 
from within it, so that, as you seek it out, everything might be in harmony with you. For I say to 
you, truly, the living God [...] in you [...] in him." 

Judas said, "Truly, I want [...]." 

The Lord said to him, "[...] living [...] dwells [...] entire [...] the deficiency [...]." 
Judas said, "Who [...]?" 

The Lord said to him, "[...] all the works which [...] the remainder, it is they which you [...]." 
Judas said, "Behold! The governors dwell above us, so it is they who will rule over us!" 



145 



The Lord said, "It is you who will rule over them! But when you rid yourselves of jealousy, then 
you will clothe yourselves in light and enter the bridal chamber." 

Judas said, "How will our garments be brought to us?" 

The Lord said, "There are some who will provide for you, and there are others who will receive 
[...]. For it is they who will give you your garments. For who will be able to reach that place which 
is the reward? But the garments of life were given to man because he knows the path by which he 
will leave. And it is difficult even for me to reach it!" 

Mary said, "Thus with respect to 'the wickedness of each day, 1 and 'the laborer is worthy of his 
food,' and 'the disciple resembles his teacher.'" She uttered this as a woman who had understood 
completely. 

The disciples said to him, "What is the fullness, and what is the deficiency?" 

He said to them, "You are from the fullness, and you dwell in the place where the deficiency is. 
And lo! His light has poured down upon me!" 

Matthew said, "Tell me, Lord, how the dead die, and how the living live." 

The Lord said, "You have asked me about a saying [...] which eye has not seen, nor have I heard it, 
except from you. But I say to you that when what invigorates a man is removed, he will be called 
'dead'. And when what is alive leaves what is dead, what is alive will be called upon." 

Judas said, "Why else, for the sake of truth, do they <die> and live?" 

The Lord said, "Whatever is born of truth does not die. Whatever is born of woman dies." 

Mary said, "Tell me, Lord, why I have come to this place to profit or to forfeit." 

The Lord said, "You make clear the abundance of the revealer!" 

Mary said to him, "Lord, is there then a place which is [...] or lacking truth?" 

The Lord said, "The place where I am not!" 

Mary said, "Lord, you are fearful and wonderful, and [...] those who do not know you." 

Matthew said, "Why do we not rest at once?" 

The Lord said, "When you lay down these burdens!" 

Matthew said, "How does the small join itself to the big?" 

The Lord said, "When you abandon the works which will not be able to follow you, then you will 
rest." 

Mary said, "I want to understand all things, just as they are!" 

The Lord said, "He who will seek out life! For this is their wealth. For the [...] of this cosmos is [...], 
and its gold and its silver are misleading." 

His disciples said to him, "What should we do to ensure that our work will be perfect?" 

The Lord said to them, "Be prepared in face of everything. Blessed is the man who has found [...] 
the contest [...] his eyes. Neither did he kill, nor was he killed, but he came forth victorious." 

Judas said, "Tell me, Lord, what the beginning of the path is." 

He said, "Love and goodness. For if one of these existed among the governors, wickedness would 
never have come into existence." 

Matthew said, "Lord, you have spoken about the end of everything without concern." 

The Lord said, "You have understood all the things I have said to you, and you have accepted 
them on faith. If you have known them, then they are yours. If not, then they are not yours." 

They said to him, "What is the place to which we are going?" 

The Lord said, "Stand in the place you can reach!" 

Mary said, "Everything established thus is seen." 

The Lord said, "I have told you that it is the one who can see who reveals." 

His disciples, numbering twelve, asked him, "Teacher, [...] serenity [...] teach us [...]." 

The Lord said, "[...] everything which I have [...] you will [...] you [...] everything." 



146 



Mary said, "There is but one saying I will speak to the Lord concerning the mystery of truth: In 
this have we taken our stand, and to the cosmic are we transparent." 

Judas said to Matthew, "We want to understand the sort of garments we are to be clothed with 
when we depart the decay of the flesh." 

The Lord said, "The governors and the administrators possess garments granted only for a time, 
which do not last. But you, as children of truth, not with these transitory garments are you to 
clothe ourselves. Rather, I say to you that you will become blessed when you strip yourselves! For 
it is no great thing [...] outside." 

[...] said [...] speak, I [...]." 

The Lord said, "[...] your Father [..,]." 

Mary said, "Of what sort is that mustard seed? Is it something from heaven or is it something from 
earth?" 

The Lord said, "When the Father established the cosmos for himself, he left much over from the 
Mother of the All. Therefore, he speaks and he acts." 

Judas said, "You have told us this out of the mind of truth. When we pray, how should we pray?" 
The Lord said, "Pray in the place where there is no woman." 

Matthew said, '"Pray in the place where there is no woman,' he tells us, meaning 'Destroy the 
works of womanhood,' not because there is any other manner of birth, but because they will cease 
giving birth." 

Mary said, "They will never be obliterated." 

The Lord said, "Who knows that they will not dissolve and ... [2 lines missing]?" 

Judas said to Matthew, "The works of womanhood will dissolve [...] the governors will [...]. Thus 
will we become prepared for them." 

The Lord said, "Right. For do they see you? Do they see those who receive you? Now behold! A 
true Word is coming forth from the Father to the abyss, in silence with a flash of lightning, giving 
birth. Do they see it or overpower it? But you are even more aware of the path, this one, before 
either angel or authority has [...] Rather, it belongs to the Father and the Son, because they are both 
a single [...]. And you will go via the path which you have known. Even if the governors become 
huge, they will not be able to reach it. But listen - 1 tell you that it is difficult even for me to reach 
it!" 

Mary said to the Lord, "When the works [...] which dissolve a work." 

The Lord said, "Right. For you know [...] if I dissolve [...] will go to his place." 

Judas said, "How is the spirit apparent?" 

The Lord said, "How is the sword apparent?" 

Judas said, "How is the light apparent?" 

The Lord said, "[...] in it forever." 

Judas said, "Who forgives the works of whom? The works which [...] the cosmos [...] who forgives 
the works." 

The Lord said, "Who [...]? It behooves whoever has understood the works to do the will of the 
Father. And as for you, strive to rid yourselves of anger and jealousy, and to strip yourselves of 
your [...], and not to ... 

(next 18 lines virtually indecipherable) 

... he will live forever. And I say to you [...], so that you will not lead your spirits and your souls 
into error." 



[The Dialogue] of the Savior 



The Apocryphon of John 

CODEX IV 
Translated by Frederik Wisse 

Cf. Codex II 



148 



The Gospel of the Egyptians 

CODEX IV 

Translated by Alexander Bohlig and Frederik Wisse 

Cf. Codex III 



149 



Eugnostos the Blessed 

CODEX V 

Translated by Douglas M. Parrott (combining 111,3 and V,l) 

Cf. Codex III 



1 5 □ 



The Apocalypse of Paul 



CODEX V 

Translated by George W. MacRae and William R. Murdock 

Selection made from James M. Robinson, ed., The Nag Hammadi Library, revised edition. HarperCollins, San Francisco, 1990. 

[...] the road. And he spoke to him, saying, "By which road shall I go up to Jerusalem?" The little 
child replied, saying, "Say your name, so that I may show you the road". The little child knew who 
Paul was. He wished to make conversation with him through his words in order that he might 
find an excuse for speaking with him. 

The little child spoke, saying, "I know who you are, Paul. You are he who was blessed from his 
mother's womb. For I have come to you that you may go up to Jerusalem to your fellow apostles. 
And for this reason you were called. And I am the Spirit who accompanies you. Let your mind 
awaken, Paul, with [...]. For [...] whole which [...] among the principalities and these authorities 
and archangels and powers and the whole race of demons, [...] the one that reveals bodies to a 
soul-seed." 

And after he brought that speech to an end, he spoke, saying to me, "Let your mind awaken, Paul, 
and see that this mountain upon which you are standing is the mountain of Jericho, so that you 
may know the hidden things in those that are visible. Now it is to the twelve apostles that you 
shall go, for they are elect spirits, and they will greet you." He raised his eyes and saw them 
greeting him. 

Then the Holy Spirit who was speaking with him caught him up on high to the third heaven, and 
he passed beyond to the fourth heaven. The Holy Spirit spoke to him, saying, "Look and see your 
likeness upon the earth." And he looked down and saw those who were upon the earth. He stared 
and saw those who were upon the [...]. Then he gazed down and saw the twelve apostles at his 
right and at his left in the creation; and the Spirit was going before them. 

But I saw in the fourth heaven according to class - I saw the angels resembling gods, the angels 
bringing a soul out of the land of the dead. They placed it at the gate of the fourth heaven. And the 
angels were whipping it. The soul spoke, saying, "What sin was it that I committed in the world?" 
The toll-collector who dwells in the fourth heaven replied, saying, "It was not right to commit all 
those lawless deeds that are in the world of the dead". The soul replied, saying, "Bring witnesses! 
Let them show you in what body I committed lawless deeds. Do you wish to bring a book to read 
from?" 

And the three witnesses came. The first spoke, saying, "Was I not in the body the second hour [...]? 
I rose up against you until you fell into anger and rage and envy." And the second spoke, saying, 
"Was I not in the world? And I entered at the fifth hour, and I saw you and desired you. And 
behold, then, now I charge you with the murders you committed." The third spoke, saying, "Did I 
not come to you at the twelfth hour of the day when the sun was about to set? I gave you darkness 
until you should accomplish your sins." When the soul heard these things, it gazed downward in 
sorrow. And then it gazed upward. It was cast down. The soul that had been cast down went to a 
body which had been prepared for it. And behold, its witnesses were finished. 

Then I gazed upward and saw the Spirit saying to me, "Paul, come! Proceed toward me!". Then as 
I went, the gate opened, and I went up to the fifth heaven. And I saw my fellow apostles going 
with me while the Spirit accompanied us. And I saw a great angel in the fifth heaven holding an 
iron rod in his hand. There were three other angels with him, and I stared into their faces. But they 
were rivalling each other, with whips in their hands, goading the souls on to the judgment. But I 
went with the Spirit and the gate opened for me. 

Then we went up to the sixth heaven. And I saw my fellow apostles going with me, and the Holy 
Spirit was leading me before them. And I gazed up on high and saw a great light shining down on 
the sixth heaven. I spoke, saying to the toll-collector who was in the sixth heaven, "Open to me 
and the Holy Spirit who is before me." He opened to me. 



151 



Then we went up to the seventh heaven, and I saw an old man [...] light and whose garment was 
white. His throne, which is in the seventh heaven, was brighter than the sun by seven times. The 
old man spoke, saying to me, "Where are you going, Paul? O blessed one and the one who was set 
apart from his mothers womb." But I looked at the Spirit, and he was nodding his head, saying to 
me, "Speak with him!". And I replied, saying to the old man, "I am going to the place from which I 
came." And the old man responded to me, "Where are you from?" But I replied, saying, "I am 
going down to the world of the dead in order to lead captive the captivity that was led captive in 
the captivity of Babylon." The old man replied to me saying, "How will you be able to get away 
from me? Look and see the principalities and authorities." The Spirit spoke, saying, "Give him the 
sign that you have, and he will open for you." And then I gave him the sign. He turned his face 
downwards to his creation and to those who are his own authorities. 

And then the <seventh> heaven opened and we went up to the Ogdoad. And I saw the twelve 
apostles. They greeted me, and we went up to the ninth heaven. I greeted all those who were in 
the ninth heaven, and we went up to the tenth heaven. And I greeted my fellow spirits. 



The Apocalypse of Paul 



15a 



The (First) Apocalypse of James 



CODEX V 

Translated by William R. Schoedel 

Selection made from James M. Robinson, ed., The Nag Hammadi Library, revised edition. HarperCollins, San Francisco, 1990. 

It is the Lord who spoke with me: "See now the completion of my redemption. I have given you a 
sign of these things, James, my brother. For not without reason have I called you my brother, 
although you are not my brother materially. And I am not ignorant concerning you; so that when I 
give you a sign - know and hear." 

"Nothing existed except Him-who-is. He is unnameable and ineffable. I myself am also 
unnameable, from Him-who-is, just as I have been given a number of names - two from Him-who- 
is. And I, I am before you. Since you have asked concerning femaleness, femaleness existed, but 
femaleness was not first. And it prepared for itself powers and gods. But it did not exist when I 
came forth, since I am an image of Him-who-is. But I have brought forth the image of him so that 
the sons of Him-who-is might know what things are theirs and what things are alien (to them). 
Behold, I shall reveal to you everything of this mystery. For they will seize me the day after 
tomorrow. But my redemption will be near." 

James said, "Rabbi, you have said, 'they will seize me.' But I, what can I do?" He said to me, "Fear 
not, James. You too will they seize. But leave Jerusalem. For it is she who always gives the cup of 
bitterness to the sons of light. She is a dwelling place of a great number of archons. But your 
redemption will be preserved from them. So that you may understand who they are and what 
kinds they are, you will [...]. And listen. They are not [...] but archons [...]. These twelve [...] down 
[...] archons [...] upon his own hebdomad." 

James said, "Rabbi, are there then twelve hebdomads and not seven as there are in the scriptures?" 
The Lord said, "James, he who spoke concerning this scripture had a limited understanding. I, 
however, shall reveal to you what has come forth from him who has no number. I shall give a sign 
concerning their number. As for what has come forth from him who has no measure, I shall give a 
sign concerning their measure" 

James said, "Rabbi, behold then, I have received their number. There are seventy-two measures!" 
The Lord said, "These are the seventy-two heavens, which are their subordinates. These are the 
powers of all their might; and they were established by them; and these are they who were 
distributed everywhere, existing under the authority of the twelve archons. The inferior power 
among them brought forth for itself angels and unnumbered hosts. Him-who-is, however, has 
been given [...] on account of [...] Him-who-is [...] they are unnumbered. If you want to give them 
a number now, you will not be able to do so until you cast away from your blind thought, this 
bond of flesh which encircles you. And then you will reach Him-who-is. And you will no longer 
be James; rather you are the One-who-is. And all those who are unnumbered will all have been 
named." 

<James said,>, "Rabbi, in what way shall I reach Him-who-is, since all these powers and these 
hosts are armed against me?" He said to me, "These powers are not armed against you specifically, 
but are armed against another. It is against me that they are armed. And they are armed with 
other powers. But they are armed against me in judgment. They did not give [...] to me in it [...] 
through them [...]. In this place [...] suffering, I shall [...]. He will [...] and I shall not rebuke them. 
But there shall be within me a silence and a hidden mystery. But I am fainthearted before their 
anger." 

James said, "Rabbi, if they arm themselves against you, then is there no blame?" 
You have come with knowledge, 
that you might rebuke their forgetfulness. 
You have come with recollection, 



153 



that you might rebuke their ignorance. 
But I was concerned because of you. 

For you descended into a great ignorance, 

but you have not been defiled by anything in it. 

For you descended into a great mindlessness, 

and your recollection remained. 

You walked in mud, 

and your garments were not soiled, 

and you have not been buried in their filth, 

and you have not been caught. 
And I was not like them, but I clothed myself with everything of theirs. 

There is in me forgetfulness, 

yet I remember things that are not theirs. 

There is in me [....], 

and I am in their [...]. 

[...] knowledge [...] not in their sufferings [...]. But I have become afraid before them, since they 
rule. For what will they do? What will I be able to say? Or what word will I be able to say that I 
may escape them?" 

The Lord said, "James, I praise your understanding and your fear. If you continue to be distressed, 
do not be concerned for anything else except your redemption. For behold, I shall complete this 
destiny upon this earth as I have said from the heavens. And I shall reveal to you your 
redemption." 

James said, "Rabbi, how, after these things, will you appear to us again? After they seize you, and 
you complete this destiny, you will go up to Him-who-is." The Lord said, "James, after these 
things I shall reveal to you everything, not for your sake alone but for the sake of the unbelief of 
men, so that faith may exist in them. For a multitude will attain to faith and they will increase in 
[...]. And after this I shall appear for a reproof to the archons. And I shall reveal to them that he 
cannot be seized. If they seize him, then he will overpower each of them. But now I shall go. 
Remember the things I have spoken and let them go up before you." James said,"Lord, I shall 
hasten as you have said." The Lord said farewell to him and fulfilled what was fitting. 

When James heard of his suffering and was much distressed, they awaited the sign of his coming. 
And he came after several days. And James was walking upon the mountain which is called 
"Gaugelan", with his disciples, who listened to him because they had been distressed, and he was 
[...] a comforter, saying, "This is [...] second [...]" Then the crowd dispersed, but James remained 
[...] prayer [...], as was his custom. 

And the Lord appeared to him. Then he stopped (his) prayer and embraced him. He kissed him, 
saying, "Rabbi, I have found you! I have heard of your sufferings, which you endured. And I have 
been much distressed. My compassion you know. Therefore, on reflection, I was wishing that I 
would not see this people. They must be judged for these things that they have done. For these 
things that they have done are contrary to what is fitting." 

The Lord said, "James, do not be concerned for me or for this people. I am he who was within me. 
Never have I suffered in any way, nor have I been distressed. And this people has done me no 
harm. But this (people) existed as a type of the archons, and it deserved to be destroyed through 
them. But [...] the archons, [...] who has [...] but since it [...] angry with [...] The just [...] is his 
servant. Therefore your name is "James the Just". You see how you will become sober when you 
see me. And you stopped this prayer. Now since you are a just man of God, you have embraced 
me and kissed me. Truly I say to you that you have stirred up great anger and wrath against 
yourself. But (this has happened) so that these others might come to be." 



154 



But James was timid (and) wept. And he was very distressed. And they both sat down upon a 
rock. The Lord said to him, "J ames / thus you will undergo these sufferings. But do not be sad. For 
the flesh is weak. It will receive what has been ordained for it. But as for you, do not be timid or 
afraid". The Lord ceased. 

Now when James heard these things, he wiped away the tears in his eyes and very bitter [...] 
which is [...]. The Lord said to him, "James, behold, I shall reveal to you your redemption. When 
you are seized, and you undergo these sufferings, a multitude will arm themselves against you 
that <they> may seize you. And in particular three of them will seize you - they who sit (there) as 
toll collectors. Not only do they demand toll, but they also take away souls by theft. When you 
come into their power, one of them who is their guard will say to you, Who are you or where are 
you from?' You are to say to him, 'I am a son, and I am from the Father. 1 He will say to you, What 
sort of son are you, and to what father do you belong?' You are to say to him, 'I am from the Pre- 
existent Father, and a son in the Pre-existent One.' When he says to you, [...], you are to say to him 
[...] in the [...] that I might [...]." 

'[...] of alien things?' You are to say to him, 'They are not entirely alien, but they are from 
Achamoth, who is the female. And these she produced as she brought down the race from the Pre- 
existent One. So then they are not alien, but they are ours. They are indeed ours because she who 
is mistress of them is from the Pre-existent One. At the same time they are alien because the Pre- 
existent One did not have intercourse with her, when she produced them.' When he also says to 
you, Where will you go?', you are to say to him, 'To the place from which I have come, there shall 
I return.' And if you say these things, you will escape their attacks. 

"But when you come to these three detainers who take away souls by theft in that place [...] these. 
You [...] a vessel [...] much more than [...] of the one whom you [...] for [...] her root. You too will be 
sober [...]. But I shall call upon the imperishable knowledge, which is Sophia who is in the Father 
(and) who is the mother of Achamoth. Achamoth had no father nor male consort, but she is female 
from a female. She produced you without a male, since she was alone (and) in ignorance as to 
what lives through her mother because she thought that she alone existed. But I shall cry out to 
her mother. And then they will fall into confusion (and) will blame their root and the race of their 
mother. But you will go up to what is yours [...] you will [...] the Pre-existent One." 

"They are a type of the twelve disciples and the twelve pairs, [...] Achamoth, which is translated 
'Sophia'. And who I myself am, (and) who the imperishable Sophia (is) through whom you will be 
redeemed, and (who are) all the sons of Him-who-is - these things they have known and have 
hidden within them. You are to hide <these things> within you, and you are to keep silence. But 
you are to reveal them to Addai. When you depart, immediately war will be made with this land. 
Weep, then, for him who dwells in Jerusalem. But let Addai take these things to heart. In the tenth 
year let Addai sit and write them down. And when he writes them down [...] and they are to give 
them [...] he has the [...] he is called Levi. Then he is to bring [...] word [...] from what I said earlier 
[...] a woman [...] Jerusalem in her [...] and he begets two sons through her. They are to inherit 
these things and the understanding of him who [...] exalts. And they are to receive [...] through 
him from his intellect. Now, the younger of them is greater. And may these things remain hidden 
in him until he comes to the age of seventeen years [...] beginning [...] through them. They will 
pursue him exceedingly, since they are from his [...] companions. He will be proclaimed through 
them, and they will proclaim this word. Then he will become a seed of [...]." 

James said, "I am satisfied [...] and they are [...] my soul. Yet another thing I ask of you: who are 
the seven women who have been your disciples? And behold all women bless you. I also am 
amazed how powerless vessels have become strong by a perception which is in them." The Lord 
said, "You [...] well [...] a spirit of [...], a spirit of thought, a spirit of counsel of a [...], a spirit [...] a 
spirit of knowledge [...] of their fear. [...] when we had passed through the breath of this archon 
who is named Adonaios [...] him and [...] he was ignorant [...] when I came forth from him, he 
remembered that I am a son of his. He was gracious to me at that time as his son. And then, before 
<I> appeared here, <he> cast them among this people. And from the place of heaven the prophets 
[...]." 



155 



James said, "Rabbi, [...] I [...] all together [...] in them especially [...]," The Lord said, "James, I praise 
you [...] walk upon the earth [...] the words while he [...] on the [...]. For cast away from you the 
cup which is bitterness. For some from [...] set themselves against you. For you have begun to 
understand their roots from beginning to end. Cast away from yourself all lawlessness. And 
beware lest they envy you. When you speak these words of this perception, encourage these four: 
Salome and Mariam and Martha and Arsinoe [...] since he takes some [...] to me he is [...] burnt 
offerings and [...]. But I [...] not in this way; but [...] first-fruits of the [...] upward [...] so that the 
power of God might appear. The perishable has gone up to the imperishable and the female 
element has attained to this male element." 

James said, "Rabbi, into these three (things), then, has their [...] been cast. For they have been 
reviled, and they have been persecuted [...]. Behold [...] everything [...] from anyone [...]. For you 
have received [...] of knowledge. And [...] that what is the [...] go [...] you will find [...]. But I shall 
go forth and shall reveal that they believed in you, that they may be content with their blessing 
and salvation, and this revelation may come to pass." 

And he went at that time immediately and rebuked the twelve and cast out of them contentment 
concerning the way of knowledge [...]. 

[...]. And the majority of them [...] when they saw, the messenger took in [...]. The others [...] said, 
"[...] him from this earth. For he is not worthy of life." These, then, were afraid. They arose, saying, 
"We have no part in this blood, for a just man will perish through injustice" James departed so that 
[...] look [...] for we [...] him. 



The Apocalypse of James 



156 



The (Second) Apocalypse of James 



CODEX V 

Translated by Charles W. Hedrick 

Selection made from James M. Robinson, ed., The Nag Hammadi Library, revised edition. HarperCollins, San Francisco, 1990. 

This is the discourse that James the Just spoke in Jerusalem, which Mareim, one of the priests, 
wrote. He had told it to Theuda, the father of the Just One, since he was a relative of his. He said, 
"Hasten! Come with Mary, your wife, and your relatives [...] therefore [...] of this [...] to him, he 
will understand. For behold, a multitude are disturbed over his [...], and they are greatly angry at 
him. [...] and they pray [...]. For he would often say these words and others also." 

"He used to speak these words while the multitude of people were seated. But (on this occasion) 
he entered and did <not> sit down in the place, as was his custom. Rather he sat above the fifth 
flight of steps, which is (highly) esteemed, while all our people [...] the words [...]." 

"[...]. I am he who received revelation from the Pleroma of Imperishability. (I am) he who was first 
summoned by him who is great, and who obeyed the Lord - he who passed through the worlds 
[...], he who [...], he who stripped himself and went about naked, he who was found in a 
perishable (state), though he was about to be brought up into imperishability. - This Lord who is 
present came as a son who sees, and as a brother was he sought. He will come to [...] produced 
him because [...] and he unites [...] make him free [...] in [...] he who came to [...]." 

"Now again am I rich in knowledge and I have a unique understanding, which was produced only 
from above and the [...] comes from a [...]. I am the [...] whom I knew. That which was revealed to 
me was hidden from everyone and shall (only) be revealed through him. These two who see I <...> 
(and) they have already proclaimed through these words: "He shall be judged with the 
unrighteous". He who lived without blasphemy died by means of blasphemy. He who was cast 
out, they [...]." 

"[...] the flesh and it is by knowledge that I shall come forth from the flesh. I am surely dying, but 
it is in life that I shall be found. I entered in order that they might judge [...] I shall come forth in 
[...] judge [...] I do not bring blame against the servants of his [...]. I hasten to make them free and 
want to take them above him who wants to rule over them. If they are helped, I am the brother in 
secret, who prayed to the Father until he [...] in [...] reign [...] imperishability [...] first in [...]." 

I am the first son who was begotten. - 

He will destroy the dominion of them all. - 

I am the beloved. 

I am the righteous one. 

I am the son of the Father. 

I speak even as I heard. 

I command even as I received the order. 

I show you even as I have found. 

Behold, I speak in order that I may come forth. Pay attention to me in order that you may see me! 

"If I have come into existence, who then am I? For I did <not> come as I am, nor would I have 
appeared as I am. For I used to exist for a brief period of time [...]." 

"Once when I was sitting deliberating, he opened the door. That one whom you hated and 
persecuted came in to me. He said to me, "Hail, my brother; my brother, hail." As I raised my face 
to stare at him, (my) mother said to me, "Do not be frightened, my son, because he said 'My 



157 



brother' to you (sg.). For you (pi.) were nourished with this same milk. Because of this he calls me 
"My mother". For he is not a stranger to us. He is your step-brother [...]." 

"[...] these words [...] great [...] I shall find them, and they shall come forth. However, I am the 
stranger, and they have no knowledge of me in their thoughts, for they know me in this place. But 
it was fitting that others know through you. 

"<You are> the one to whom I say: Hear and understand - for a multitude, when they hear, will be 
slow witted. But you, understand as I shall be able to tell you. Your father is not my father. But my 
father has become a father to you. 

"This virgin about whom you hear - this is how [...] virgin [...] namely, the virgin. [...], how [...] to 
me for [...] to know [...] not as [...] whom I [...]. For this one (masc.) [...] to him, and this also is 
profitable for you. Your father, whom you consider to be rich, shall grant that you inherit all these 
things that you see. 

"I proclaim to you to tell you these (words) that I shall speak. When you hear, therefore, open your 
ears and understand and walk (accordingly)! It is because of you that they pass by, activated by 
that one who is glorious. And if they want to make a disturbance and (seize) possession [...] he 
began [...] not, nor those who are coming, who were sent forth by him to make this present 
creation. After these things, when he is ashamed, he shall be disturbed that his labor, which is far 
from the aeons, is nothing. And his inheritance, which he boasted to be great, shall appear small. 
And his gifts are not blessings. His promises are evil schemes. For you are not an (instrument) of 
his compassion, but it is through you that he does violence. He wants to do injustice to us, and 
will exercise dominion for a time allotted to him. 

"But understand and know the Father who has compassion. He was not given an inheritance that 
was unlimited, nor does it have a (limited) number of days, but it is as the eternal day [...] it is [...] 
perceive [...]. And he used [...]. For in fact he is not one (come) from them, (and) because of this, he 
is despised. Because of this he boasts, so that he may not be reproved. For because of this he is 
superior to those who are below, those by whom you were looked down upon. After he 
imprisoned those from the Father, he seized them and fashioned them to resemble himself. And it 
is with him that they exist. 

"I saw from the height those things that happened, and I have explained how they happened. 
They were visited while they were in another form, and, while I was watching, they came to know 
<me> as I am, through those whom I know. 

"Now before those things have happened they will make a [...]. I know how they attempted to 
come down to this place that he might approach [...] the small children, but I wish to reveal 
through you and the spirit of power, in order that he might reveal to those who are yours. And 
those who wish to enter, and who seek to walk in the way that is before the door, open the good 
door through you. And they follow you; they enter and you escort them inside, and give a reward 
to each one who is ready for it. 

For you are not the redeemer nor a helper of strangers. 

You are an illuminator and a redeemer of those who are mine, 

and now of those who are yours. 

You shall reveal (to them); you shall bring good among them all. 

You they shall admire because of every powerful (deed). 

You are he whom the heavens bless. 

You he shall envy, he who has called himself your Lord. 

I am the [...] those who are instructed in these things with you. 

For your sake, they will be told these things, and will come to rest. 
For your sake, they will reign, and will become kings. 

- 1 58 - 



For your sake, they will have pity on whomever they pity. 

For just as you are first having clothed yourself, 

you are also the first who will strip himself, 

and you shall become as you were before you were stripped." 

"And he kissed my mouth. He took hold of me, saying, "My beloved! Behold, I shall reveal to you 
those things that (neither) the heavens nor their archons have known. Behold, I shall reveal to you 
those things that he did not know, he who boasted, "[...] there is no other except me. Am I not 
alive? Because I am a father, do I not have power for everything?" Behold, I shall reveal to you 
everything, my beloved. Understand and know them, that you may come forth just as I am. 
Behold, I shall reveal to you him who is hidden. But now, stretch out your hand. Now, take hold 
of me." 

"And then I stretched out my hands and I did not find him as I thought (he would be). But 
afterward I heard him saying, "Understand and take hold of me." Then I understood, and I was 
afraid. And I was exceedingly joyful. 

"Therefore, I tell you judges, you have been judged. And you did not spare, but you were spared. 
Be sober and [...] you did not know. 

He was that one whom he who created the heaven and the earth 
and dwelled in it, did not see. 
He was this one who is the life. 
He was the light. 

He was that one who will come to be. 

And again he shall provide an end for what has begun, 
and a beginning for what is about to be ended. 
He was the Holy Spirit and the Invisible One, 
who did not descend upon the earth. 

He was the virgin, and that which he wishes, happens to him. 
I saw that he was naked, and there was no garment clothing him. 
That which he wills, happens to him [...]. 

"Renounce this difficult way, which is (so) variable, and walk in accordance with him who desires 
that you become free men with me, after you have passed above every dominion. For he will not 
judge (you) for those things that you did, but will have mercy on you. For (it is) not you that did 
them, but it is your Lord (that did them). He was not a wrathful one, but he was a kind Father. 

"But you have judged yourselves, and because of this you will remain in their fetters. You have 
oppressed yourselves, and you will repent, (but) you will not profit at all. Behold him who speaks 
and seek him who is silent. Know him who came to this place, and understand him who went 
forth (from it). I am the Just One, and I do <not> judge. I am not a master, then, but I am a helper. 
He was cast out before he stretched out his hand. I [...]. 

"[...] and he allows me to hear. And play your trumpets, your flutes and your harps of this house. 
The Lord has taken you captive from the Lord, having closed your ears, that they may not hear the 
sound of my word. Yet you will be able to pay heed in your hearts, and you will call me 'the Just 
One. 1 Therefore, I tell you: Behold, I gave you your house, which you say that God has made - that 
(house) in which he promised to give you an inheritance through it. This (house) I shall doom to 
destruction and derision of those who are in ignorance. For behold, those who judge deliberarate 
[...]." 



159 



On that day all the people and the crowd were disturbed, and they showed that they had not been 
persuaded. And he arose and went forth speaking in this manner. And he entered (again) on that 
same day and spoke a few hours. And I was with the priests and revealed nothing of the 
relationship, since all of them were saying with one voice, 'Come, let us stone the Just One. 1 And 
they arose, saying, 'Yes, let us kill this man, that he may be taken from our midst. For he will be of 
no use to us.' 

And they were there and found him standing beside the columns of the temple beside the mighty 
corner stone. And they decided to throw him down from the height, and they cast him down. And 
they [...] they [...]. They seized him and struck him as they dragged him upon the ground. They 
stretched him out and placed a stone on his abdomen. They all placed their feet on him, saying 
'You have erred!' 

Again they raised him up, since he was alive, and made him dig a hole. They made him stand in 
it. After having covered him up to his abdomen, they stoned him in this manner. 

And he stretched out his hands and said this prayer - not that (one) which it is his custom to say: 

'My God and my father, 

who saved me from this dead hope, 

who made me alive through a mystery of what he wills, 

Do not let these days of this world be prolonged for me, 
but the day of your light [...] remains 
in [...] salvation. 

Deliver me from this place of sojourn! 
Do not let your grace be left behind in me, 
but may your grace become pure! 

Save me from an evil death! 

Bring me from a tomb alive, because your grace - 

love - is alive in me to accomplish a work of fullness! 

Save me from sinful flesh, 

because 1 trusted in you with all my strength, 

because you are the life of the life! 

Save me from a humiliating enemy! 

Do not give me into the hand of a judge who is severe with sin! 
Forgive me all my debts of the days (of my life)! 

Because I am alive in you, your grace is alive in me. 
I have renounced everyone, but you I have confessed. 
Save me from evil affliction! 

But now is the time and the hour. 

O Holy Spirit, send me salvation [...] the light [...] 

the light [...] in a power [...].' 

"After he spoke, he fell silent [...] word [...] afterward [...] the discourse [...]." 



The Apocalypse of Adam 



CODEX V 
Translated by George W. MacRae 

Selection made from James M. Robinson, ed., The Nag Hammadi Library, revised edition. HarperCollins, San Francisco, 1990. 

The revelation which Adam taught his son Seth in the seven hundreth year, saying: 

Listen to my words, my son Seth. When God had created me out of the earth, along with Eve, your 
mother, I went about with her in a glory which she had seen in the aeon from which we had come 
forth. She taught me a word of knowledge of the eternal God. And we resembled the great eternal 
angels, for we were higher than the god who had created us and the powers with him, whom we 
did not know. 

Then God, the ruler of the aeons and the powers, divided us in wrath. Then we became two aeons. 
And the glory in our heart(s) left us, me and your mother Eve, along with the first knowledge that 
breathed within us. And it (glory) fled from us; it entered into [...] great [...] which had come forth, 
not from this aeon from which we had come forth, I and Eve your mother. But it (knowledge) 
entered into the seed of great aeons. For this reason I myself have called you by the name of that 
man who is the seed of the great generation or from whom (it comes). After those days, the eternal 
knowledge of the God of truth withdrew from me and your mother Eve. Since that time, we 
learned about dead things, like men. Then we recognized the God who had created us. For we 
were not strangers to his powers. And we served him in fear and slavery. And after these things, 
we became darkened in our heart(s). Now I slept in the thought of my heart. 

And I saw three men before me whose likeness I was unable to recognize, since they were not the 
powers of the God who had created us. They surpassed [...] glory, and [...] men [...] saying to me, 
"Arise, Adam, from the sleep of death, and hear about the aeon and the seed of that man to whom 
life has come, who came from you and from Eve, your wife." 

When I had heard these words from the great men who were standing before me, then we sighed, 
I and Eve, in our heart(s). And the Lord, the God who had created us, stood before us. He said to 
us, "Adam, why were you (both) sighing in your hearts? Do you not know that I am the God who 
created you? And I breathed into you a spirit of life as a living soul." Then darkness came upon 
our eyes. 

Then the God who created us, created a son from himself and Eve, your mother. I knew sweet 
desire for your mother, for [...] in the thought of my [...] I knew a sweet desire for your mother. 
Then the vigor of our eternal knowledge was destroyed in us, and weakness pursued us. 
Therefore the days of our life became few. For I knew that I had come under the authority of 
death. 

Now then, my son Seth, I will reveal to you the things which those men whom I saw before me at 
first revealed to me: after I have completed the times of this generation and the years of the 
generation have been accomplished, then [...] slave [...]. (p.68 blank) 

For rain-showers of God the almighty will be poured forth, so that he might destroy all flesh [of 
God the almighty, so that he might destroy all flesh] from the earth on account of the things that it 
seeks after, along with those from the seed of the men to whom passed the life of the knowledge 
which came from me and Eve, your mother. For they were strangers to him. Afterwards, great 
angels will come on high clouds, who will bring those men into the place where the spirit of life 
dwells [...] glory [...] there, [...] come from heaven to earth. Then the whole multitude of flesh will 
be left behind in the waters. 

Then God will rest from his wrath. And he will cast his power upon the waters, and he will give 
power to his sons and their wives by means of the ark along with the animals, whichever he 
pleased, and the birds of heaven, which he called and released upon the earth. And God will say 
to Noah - whom the generations will call 'Deucalion' - "Behold, I have protected <you> in the ark, 



1 El 



along with your wife and your sons and their wives and their animals and the birds of heaven, 
which you called and released upon the earth. Therefore I will give the earth to you - you and 
your sons. In kingly fashion you will rule over it - you and your sons. And no seed will come from 
you of the men who will not stand in my presence in another glory." 

Then they will become as the cloud of the great light. Those men will come who have been cast 
forth from the knowledge of the great aeons and the angels. They will stand before Noah and the 
aeons. And God will say to Noah, "Why have you departed from what I told you? You have 
created another generation so that you might scorn my power." Then Noah will say, "I shall testify 
before your might that the generation of these men did not come from me nor from my sons. [...] 
knowledge. 

And he will [...] those men and bring them into their proper land, and build them a holy dwelling 
place. And they will be called by that name and dwell there six hundred years in a knowledge of 
imperishability. And the angels of the great Light will dwell with them. No foul deed will dwell in 
their heart(s), but only the knowledge of God. 

Then Noah will divide the whole earth among his sons, Ham and Japheth and Shem. He will say 
to them, "My sons, listen to my words. Behold, I have divided the earth among you. But serve him 
in fear and slavery all the days of your life. Let not your seed depart from the face of God the 
Almighty. [...] I and your [...] son of Noah, "My seed will be pleasing before you and before your 
power. Seal it by your strong hand, with fear and commandment, so that the whole seed which 
came forth from me may not be inclined away from you and God the Almighty, but it will serve in 
humility and fear of its knowledge." 

Then others from the seed of Ham and Japheth will come, four hundred thousand men, and enter 
into another land and sojourn with those men who came forth from the great eternal knowledge. 
For the shadow of their power will protect those who have sojourned with them from every evil 
thing and every unclean desire. Then the seed of Ham and Japheth will form twelve kingdoms, 
and their seed also will enter into the kingdom of another people. 

Then [...] will take counsel [...] who are dead, of the great aeons of imperishability. And they will 
go to Sakla, their God. They will go in to the powers, accusing the great men who are in their 
glory. 

They will say to Sakla, "What is the power of these men who stood in your presence, who were 
taken from the seed of Ham and Japheth, who will number four hundred <thousand> men? They 
have been received into another aeonfrom which they had come forth, and they have overturned 
all the glory of your power and the dominion of your hand. For the seed of Noah through his sons 
has done all your will, and (so have) all the powers in the aeons over which your might rules, 
while both those men and the ones who are sojourners in their glory have not done your will. But 
they have turned (aside) your whole throng." 

Then the god of the aeons will give them (some) of those who serve him [...]. They will come upon 
that land where the great men will be who have not been defiled, nor will be defiled, by any 
desire. For their soul did not come from a defiled hand, but it came from a great commandment of 
an eternal angel. Then fire and sulphur and asphalt will be cast upon those men, and fire and 
(blinding) mist will come over those aeons, and the eyes of the powers of the illuminators will be 
darkened, and the aeons will not see them in those days. And great clouds of light will descend, 
and other clouds of light will come down upon them from the great aeons. 

Abrasax and Sablo and Gamaliel will descend and bring those men out of the fire and the wrath, 
and take them above the aeons and the rulers of the powers, and take them away [...] of life [...] 
and take them away [...] aeons [...] dwelling place of the great [...] there, with the holy angels and 
the aeons. The men will be like those angels, for they are not strangers to them. But they work in 
the imperishable seed. 

Once again, for the third time, the illuminator of knowledge will pass by in great glory, in order to 
leave (something) of the seed of Noah and the sons of Ham and Japheth - to leave for himself 
fruit-bearing trees. And he will redeem their souls from the day of death. For the whole creation 
that came from the dead earth will be under the authority of death. But those who reflect upon the 



1 BE 



knowledge of the eternal God in their heart(s) will not perish. For they have not received spirit 
from this kingdom alone, but they have received (it) from a [...] eternal angel. [...] illuminator [...] 
will come upon [...] that is dead [...] of Seth. And he will perform signs and wonders in order to 
scorn the powers and their ruler. 

Then the god of the powers will be disturbed, saying, "What is the power of this man who is 
higher than we?" Then he will arouse a great wrath against that man. And the glory will withdraw 
and dwell in holy houses which it has chosen for itself. And the powers will not see it with their 
eyes, nor will they see the illuminator either. Then they will punish the flesh of the man upon 
whom the holy spirit came. 

Then the angels and all the generations of the powers will use the name in error, asking, "Where 
did it (the error) come from?" or "Where did the words of deception, which all the powers have 
failed to discover, come from?" 

Now the first kingdom says of him that he came from [...]. A spirit [...] to heaven. He was 
nourished in the heavens. He received the glory of that one and the power. He came to the bosom 
of his mother. And thus he came to the water. 

And the second kingdom says about him that he came from a great prophet. And a bird came, 
took the child who was born, and brought him onto a high mountain. And he was nourished by 
the bird of heaven. An angel came forth there. He said to him "Arise! God has given glory to you." 
He received glory and strength. And thus he came to the water. 

The third kingdom says of him that he came from a virgin womb. He was cast out of his city, he 
and his mother. He was brought to a desert place. He was nourished there. He came and received 
glory and strength. And thus he came to the water. 

The fourth kingdom says of him that he came from a virgin. [...] Solomon sought her, he and 
Phersalo and Sauel and his armies, which had been sent out. Solomon himself sent his army of 
demons to seek out the virgin. And they did not find the one whom they sought, but the virgin 
who was given them. It was she whom they fetched. Solomon took her. The virgin became 
pregnant and gave birth to the child there. She nourished him on a border of the desert. When he 
had been nourished, he received glory and power from the seed from which he was begotten. And 
thus he came to the water. 

And the fifth kingdom says of him that he came from a drop from heaven. He was thrown into the 
sea. The abyss received him, gave birth to him, and brought him to heaven. He received glory and 
power. And thus he came to the water. 

And the sixth kingdom says that [...] down to the aeonwhich is below, in order to gather flowers. 
She became pregnant from the desire of the flowers. She gave birth to him in that place. The 
angels of the flower garden nourished him. He received glory there, and power. And thus he came 
to the water. 

And the seventh kingdom says of him that he is a drop. It came from heaven to earth. Dragons 
brought him down to caves. He became a child. A spirit came upon him and brought him on high 
to the place where the drop had come forth. He received glory and power there. And thus he came 
to the water. 

And the eighth kingdom says of him that a cloud came upon the earth and enveloped a rock. He 
came from it. The angels who were above the cloud nourished him. He received glory and power 
there. And thus he came to the water. 

And the ninth kingdom says of him that from the nine Muses one separated away. She came to a 
high mountain and spent (some) time seated there, so that she desired herself alone in order to 
become androgynous. She fulfilled her desire and became pregnant from her desire. He was born. 
The angels who were over the desire nourished him. And he received glory there, and power. And 
thus he came to the water. 

The tenth kingdom says of him that his god loved a cloud of desire. He begot him in his hand and 
cast upon the cloud above him (some) of the drop, and he was born. He received glory and power 
there. And thus he came to the water. 



163 



And the eleventh kingdom says that the father desired his own daughter. She herself became 
pregnant from her father. She cast [...] tomb out in the desert. The angel nourished him there. And 
thus he came to the water. 

The twelfth kingdom says of him that he came from two illuminators. He was nourished there. He 
received glory and power. And thus he came to the water. 

And the thirteenth kingdom says of him that every birth of their ruler is a word. And this word 
received a mandate there. He received glory and power. And thus he came to the water, in order 
that the desire of those powers might be satisfied. 

But the generation without a king over it says that God chose him from all the aeons. He caused a 
knowledge of the undefiled one of truth to come to be in him. He said, "Out of a foreign air, from a 
great aeon, the great illuminator came forth. And he made the generation of those men whom he 
had chosen for himself shine, so that they could shine upon the whole aeon" 

Then the seed, those who will receive his name upon the water and (that) of them all, will fight 
against the power. And a cloud of darkness will come upon them. 

Then the peoples will cry out with a great voice, saying, "Blessed is the soul of those men because 
they have known God with a knowledge of the truth! They shall live forever, because they have 
not been corrupted by their desire, along with the angels, nor have they accomplished the works 
of the powers, but they have stood in his presence in a knowledge of God like light that has come 
forth from fire and blood. 

"But we have done every deed of the powers senselessly. We have boasted in the transgression of 
all our works. We have cried against the God of truth because all his works [...] is eternal. These 
are against our spirits. For now we have known that our souls will die the death." 

Then a voice came to them, saying "Micheu and Michar and Mnesinous, who are over the holy 
baptism and the living water, why were you crying out against the living God with lawless voices 
and tongues without law over them, and souls full of blood and foul deeds? You are full of works 
that are not of the truth, but your ways are full of joy and rejoicing. Having defiled the water of 
life, you have drawn it within the will of the powers to whom you have been given to serve them. 

"And your thought is not like that of those men whom you persecute [...] desire [...]. Their fruit 
does not wither. But they will be known up to the great aeons, because the words they have kept, 
of the God of the aeons, were not committed to the book, nor were they written. But angelic 
(beings) will bring them, whom all the generations of men will not know. For they will be on a 
high mountain, upon a rock of truth. Therefore they will be named "The Words of Imperishability 
and Truth," for those who know the eternal God in wisdom of knowledge and teaching of angels 
forever, for he knows all things." 

These are the revelations which Adam made known to Seth, his son, And his son taught his seed 
about them. This is the hidden knowledge of Adam, which he gave to Seth, which is the holy 
baptism of those who know the eternal knowledge through those born of the word and the 
imperishable illuminators, who came from the holy seed: Yesseus, Mazareus, Yessedekeus, the 
Living Water. 



The Apocalypse of Adam 



The Acts of Peter and the Twelve Apostles 



CODEX VI 

Translated by Douglas M. Parrott and R. McL.Wilson 

Selection made from James M. Robinson, ed., The Nag Hammadi Library, revised edition. HarperCollins, San Francisco, 1990. 

[...] which [...] purpose [... after ...] us [...] apostles [...]. We sailed [...] of the body. Others were not 
anxious in their hearts. And in our hearts, we were united. We agreed to fulfill the ministry to 
which the Lord appointed us. And we made a covenant with each other. 

We went down to the sea at an opportune moment, which came to us from the Lord. We found a 
ship moored at the shore ready to embark, and we spoke with the sailors of the ship about our 
coming aboard with them. They showed great kindliness toward us as was ordained by the Lord. 
And after we had embarked, we sailed a day and a night. After that, a wind came up behind the 
ship and brought us to a small city in the midst of the sea. 

And I, Peter, inquired about the name of this city from residents who were standing on the dock. 
A man among them answered, saying, "The name of this city is Habitation, that is, Foundation [...] 
endurance." And the leader among them holding the palm branch at the edge of the dock. And 
after we had gone ashore with the baggage, I went into the city, to seek advice about lodging. 

A man came out wearing a cloth bound around his waist, and a gold belt girded it. Also a napkin 
was tied over his chest, extending over his shoulders and covering his head and his hands. 

I was staring at the man, because he was beautiful in his form and stature. There were four parts 
of his body that I saw: the soles of his feet and a part of his chest and the palms of his hands and 
his visage. These things I was able to see. A book cover like (those of) my books was in his left 
hand. A staff of styrax wood was in his right hand. His voice was resounding as he slowly spoke, 
crying out in the city, "Pearlsl Pearlsl" 

I, indeed, thought he was a man of that city. I said to him, "My brother and my friend!" He 
answered me, then, saying, "Rightly did you say, 'My brother and my friend.' What is it you seek 
from me?" I said to him, "I ask you about lodging for me and the brothers also, because we are 
strangers here." He said to me, "For this reason have I myself just said, 'My brother and my friend,' 
because I also am a fellow stranger like you." 

And having said these things, he cried out, "Pearls! Pearls!" The rich men of that city heard his 
voice. They came out of their hidden storerooms. And some were looking out from the storerooms 
of their houses. Others looked out from their upper windows. And they did not see (that they 
could gain) anything from him, because there was no pouch on his back nor bundle inside his 
cloth and napkin. And because of their disdain they did not even acknowledge him. He, for his 
part, did not reveal himself to them. They returned to their storerooms, saying, "This man is 
mocking us." 

And the poor of that city heard his voice, and they came to the man who sells this pearl. They said, 
"Please take the trouble to show us the pearl so that we may, then, see it with our (own) eyes. For 
we are the poor. And we do not have this [...] price to pay for it. But show us that we might say to 
our friends that we saw a pearl with our (own) eyes." He answered, saying to them, "If it is 
possible, come to my city, so that I may not only show it before your (very) eyes, but give it to you 
for nothing." 

And indeed they, the poor of that city, heard and said, "Since we are beggars, we surely know that 
a man does not give a pearl to a beggar, but (it is) bread and money that is usually received. Now 
then, the kindness which we want to receive from you (is) that you show us the pearl before our 
eyes. And we will say to our friends proudly that we saw a pearl with our (own) eyes" - because it 
is not found among the poor, especially such beggars (as these). He answered (and) said to them, 
"If it is possible, you yourselves come to my city, so that I may not only show you it, but give it to 
you for nothing." The poor and the beggars rejoiced because of the man who gives for nothing. 



1 E5 



The men asked Peter about the hardships. Peter answered and told those things that he had heard 
about the hardships of the way. Because they are interpreters of the hardships in their ministry. 

He said to the man who sells this pearl, "I want to know your name and the hardships of the way 
to your city because we are strangers and servants of God. It is necessary for us to spread the word 
of God in every city harmoniously." He answered and said, "If you seek my name, Lithargoel is 
my name, the interpretation of which is, the light, gazelle-like stone. 

"And also (concerning) the road to the city, which you asked me about, I will tell you about it. No 
man is able to go on that road, except one who has forsaken everything that he has and has fasted 
daily from stage to stage. For many are the robbers and wild beasts on that road. The one who 
carries bread with him on the road, the black dogs kill because of the bread. The one who carries a 
costly garment of the world with him, the robbers kill because of the garment. The one who carries 
water with him, the wolves kill because of the water, since they were thirsty for it. The one who is 
anxious about meat and green vegetables, the lions eat because of the meat. If he evades the lions, 
the bulls devour him because of the green vegetables." 

When he had said these things to me, I sighed within myself, saying, "Great hardships are on the 
road! If only Jesus would give us power to walk it!" He looked at me since my face was sad, and I 
sighed. He said to me, "Why do you sigh, if you, indeed, know this name "Jesus" and believe him? 
He is a great power for giving strength. For I too believe in the Father who sent him." 

I replied, asking him, "What is the name of the place to which you go, your city?" He said to me, 
"This is the name of my city, 'Nine Gates.' Let us praise God as we are mindful that the tenth is the 
head." After this I went away from him in peace. 

As I was about to go and call my friends, I saw waves and large high walls surrounding the 
bounds of the city. I marveled at the great things I saw. I saw an old man sitting and I asked him if 
the name of the city was really Habitation. He [...], "Habitation [...]." He said to me, "You speak 
truly, for we inhabit here because we endure." 

I responded, saying, "Justly [...] have men named it [...], because (by) everyone who endures his 
trials, cities are inhabited, and a precious kingdom comes from them, because they endure in the 
midst of the apostasies and the difficulties of the storms. So that in this way, the city of everyone 
who endures the burden of his yoke of faith will be inhabited, and he will be included in the 
kingdom of heaven." 

I hurried and went and called my friends so that we might go to the city that he, Lithargoel, 
appointed for us. In a bond of faith we forsook everything as he had said (to do). We evaded the 
robbers, because they did not find their garments with us. We evaded the wolves, because they 
did not find the water with us for which they thirsted. We evaded the lions, because they did not 
find the desire for meat with us. We evaded the bulls [...] they did not find green vegetables. 

A great joy came upon us and a peaceful carefreeness like that of our Lord. We rested ourselves in 
front of the gate, and we talked with each other about that which is not a distraction of this world. 
Rather we continued in contemplation of the faith. 

As we discussed the robbers on the road, whom we evaded, behold Lithargoel, having changed, 
came out to us. He had the appearance of a physician, since an unguent box was under his arm, 
and a young disciple was following him carrying a pouch full of medicine. We did not recognize 
him. 

Peter responded and said to him, "We want you to do us a favor, because we are strangers, and 
take us to the house of Lithargoel before evening comes." He said, "In uprightness of heart I will 
show it to you. But I am amazed at how you knew this good man. For he does not reveal himself 
to every man, because he himself is the son of a great king. Rest yourselves a little so that I may go 
and heal this man and come (back)." He hurried and came (back) quickly. 

He said to Peter, "Peter!" And Peter was frightened, for how did he know that his name was Peter? 
Peter responded to the Savior, "How do you know me, for you called my name?" Lithargoel 
answered, "I want to ask you who gave the name Peter to you?" He said to him, "It was Jesus 
Christ, the son of the living God. He gave this name to me." He answered and said, "It is I! 



IBB 



Recognize me, Peter." He loosened the garment, which clothed him - the one into which he had 
changed himself because of us - revealing to us in truth that it was he. 

We prostrated ourselves on the ground and worshipped him. We comprised eleven disciples. He 
stretched forth his hand and caused us to stand. We spoke with him humbly. Our heads were 
bowed down in unworthiness as we said, "What you wish we will do. But give us power to do 
what you wish at all times." 

He gave them the unguent box and the pouch that was in the hand of the young disciple. He 
commanded them like this, saying, "Go into the city from which you came, which is called 
Habitation. Continue in endurance as you teach all those who have believed in my name, because 
I have endured in hardships of the faith. I will give you your reward. To the poor of that city give 
what they need in order to live until I give them what is better, which I told you that I will give 
you for nothing." 

Peter answered and said to him, "Lord, you have taught us to forsake the world and everything in 
it. We have renounced them for your sake. What we are concerned about (now) is the food for a 
single day. Where will we be able to find the needs that you ask us to provide for the poor?" 

The Lord answered and said, "O Peter, it was necessary that you understand the parable that I told 
you! Do you not understand that my name, which you teach, surpasses all riches, and the wisdom 
of God surpasses gold, and silver and precious stone(s)?" 

He gave them the pouch of medicine and said, "Heal all the sick of the city who believe in my 
name." Peter was afraid to reply to him for the second time. He signaled to the one who was 
beside him, who was John: "You talk this time." John answered and said, "Lord, before you we are 
afraid to say many words. But it is you who asks us to practice this skill. We have not been taught 
to be physicians. How then will we know how to heal bodies as you have told us?" 

He answered them, "Rightly have you spoken, John, for I know that the physicians of this world 
heal what belongs to the world. The physicians of souls, however, heal the heart. Heal the bodies 
first, therefore, so that through the real powers of healing for their bodies, without medicine of the 
world, they may believe in you, that you have power to heal the illnesses of the heart also. 

"The rich men of the city, however, those who did not see fit even to acknowledge me, but who 
reveled in their wealth and pride - with such as these, therefore, do not dine in their houses nor be 
friends with them, lest their partiality influence you. For many in the churches have shown 
partiality to the rich, because they also are sinful, and they give occasion for others to sin. But 
judge them with uprightness, so that your ministry may be glorified, and that my name also, may 
be glorified in the churches." The disciples answered and said, "Yes, truly this is what is fitting to 
do." 

They prostrated themselves on the ground and worshipped him. He caused them to stand and 
departed from them in peace. Amen. 



The Acts of Peter and the Twelve Apostles 



The Thunder, Perfect Mind 



CODEX VI 
Translated by George W. MacRae 

Selection made from James M. Robinson, ed., The Nag Hammadi Library, revised edition. HarperCollins, San Francisco, 1990. 



I was sent forth from the power, 

and I have come to those who reflect 
upon me, 

and I have been found among those who 

seek after me. 
Look upon me, you who reflect upon me, 

and you hearers, hear me. 
You who are waiting for me, take me to 
yourselves. 

And do not banish me from your sight. 

And do not make your voice hate me, nor your 

hearing. 

Do not be ignorant of me anywhere or any 
time. 

Be on your guard! 

Do not be ignorant of me. 

For I am the first and the last. 

I am the honored one and the scorned one. 

I am the whore and the holy one. 

I am the wife and the virgin. 

I am <the mother> and the daughter. 

I am the members of my mother. 

I am the barren one 

and many are her sons. 
I am she whose wedding is great, 

and I have not taken a husband. 
I am the midwife and she who does not bear. 
I am the solace of my labor pains. 
I am the bride and the bridegroom, 

and it is my husband who begot me. 
I am the mother of my father 

and the sister of my husband 

and he is my offspring. 
I am the slave of him who prepared me. 
I am the ruler of my offspring. 

But he is the one who begot me before the 

time on a birthday. 
And he is my offspring in (due) time, 

and my power is from him. 
I am the staff of his power in his youth, 



and he is the rod of my old age. 
And whatever he wills happens to me. 
I am the silence that is incomprehensible 

and the idea whose remembrance is 
frequent. 

I am the voice whose sound is manifold 

and the word whose appearance is 
multiple. 

I am the utterance of my name. 

Why, you who hate me, do you love me, 

and hate those who love me? 
You who deny me, confess me, 

and you who confess me, deny me. 
You who tell the truth about me, lie about me, 

and you who have lied about me, tell the 

truth about me. 
You who know me, be ignorant of me, 

and those who have not known me, let 

them know me. 

For I am knowledge and ignorance. 

I am shame and boldness. 

I am shameless; I am ashamed. 

I am strength and I am fear. 

I am war and peace. 

Give heed to me. 

I am the one who is disgraced and the great 
one. 

Give heed to my poverty and my wealth. 

Do not be arrogant to me when I am cast out 

upon the earth, 

and you will find me in those that are to 

come. 

And do not look upon me on the dung-heap 
nor go and leave me cast out, 
and you will find me in the kingdoms. 

And do not look upon me when I am cast out 

among those who 

are disgraced and in the least places, 



168 



nor laugh at me. 
And do not cast me out among those who are 
slain in violence. 

But I, I am compassionate and I am cruel. 

Be on your guard! 

Do not hate my obedience 

and do not love my self-control. 
In my weakness, do not forsake me, 

and do not be afraid of my power. 
For why do you despise my fear 

and curse my pride? 
But I am she who exists in all fears 

and strength in trembling. 
I am she who is weak, 

and I am well in a pleasant place. 
I am senseless and I am wise. 

Why have you hated me in your counsels? 
For I shall be silent among those who are silent, 

and I shall appear and speak, 
Why then have you hated me, you Greeks? 

Because I am a barbarian among the 

barbarians? 
For I am the wisdom of the Greeks 

and the knowledge of the barbarians. 
I am the judgement of the Greeks and of the 
barbarians. 

I am the one whose image is great in Egypt 
and the one who has no image among the 
barbarians. 

I am the one who has been hated everywhere 

and who has been loved everywhere. 
I am the one whom they call Life, 

and you have called Death. 
I am the one whom they call Law, 

and you have called Lawlessness. 
I am the one whom you have pursued, 

and I am the one whom you have seized. 
I am the one whom you have scattered, 

and you have gathered me together. 
I am the one before whom you have been 
ashamed, 

and you have been shameless to me. 
I am she who does not keep festival, 

and I am she whose festivals are many. 
I, I am godless, 



and I am the one whose God is great. 
I am the one whom you have reflected upon, 

and you have scorned me. 
I am unlearned, 

and they learn from me. 
I am the one that you have despised, 

and you reflect upon me. 
I am the one whom you have hidden from, 

and you appear to me. 
But whenever you hide yourselves, 

I myself will appear. 
For whenever you appear, 

I myself will hide from you. 
Those who have [...] to it [...] senselessly [...]. 

Take me [... understanding] from grief. 

and take me to yourselves from 

understanding and grief. 
And take me to yourselves from places that are 
ugly and in ruin, 

and rob from those which are good even 

though in ugliness. 
Out of shame, take me to yourselves 
shamelessly; 

and out of shamelessness and shame, 

upbraid my members in yourselves. 
And come forward to me, you who know me 

and you who know my members, 

and establish the great ones among the 

small first creatures. 
Come forward to childhood, 

and do not despise it because it is small 

and it is little. 
And do not turn away greatnesses in some 
parts from the smallnesses, 

for the smallnesses are known from the 

greatnesses. 

Why do you curse me and honor me? 
You have wounded and you have had mercy. 
Do not separate me from the first ones whom 
you have known. 

And do not cast anyone out nor turn anyone 
away 

[...] turn you away and [... know] him not. 
[...]. 

What is mine [...]. 



169 



I know the first ones and those after them 
know me. 

But I am the mind of [...] and the rest of [...]. 
I am the knowledge of my inquiry, 

and the finding of those who seek after 

me, 

and the command of those who ask of me, 
and the power of the powers in my 
knowledge 

of the angels, who have been sent at my 
word, 

and of gods in their seasons by my 
counsel, 

and of spirits of every man who exists 
with me, 

and of women who dwell within me. 
I am the one who is honored, and who is 
praised, 

and who is despised scornfully. 
I am peace, 

and war has come because of me. 
And I am an alien and a citizen. 
I am the substance and the one who has no 
substance. 

Those who are without association with me are 
ignorant of me, 

and those who are in my substance are 

the ones who know me. 
Those who are close to me have been ignorant 
of me, 

and those who are far away from me are 

the ones who have known me. 
On the day when I am close to you, you are far 
away from me, 

and on the day when I am far away from 

you, I am close to you. 

[I am ...] within. 

[I am ...] of the natures. 

I am [...] of the creation of the spirits. 

[...] request of the souls. 

I am control and the uncontrollable. 

I am the union and the dissolution. 

I am the abiding and I am the dissolution. 

I am the one below, 

and they come up to me. 
I am the judgment and the acquittal. 



I, I am sinless, 

and the root of sin derives from me. 
I am lust in (outward) appearance, 

and interior self-control exists within me. 
I am the hearing which is attainable to 
everyone 

and the speech which cannot be grasped. 
I am a mute who does not speak, 

and great is my multitude of words. 

Hear me in gentleness, and learn of me in 
roughness. 

I am she who cries out, 

and I am cast forth upon the face of the 
earth. 

I prepare the bread and my mind within. 
I am the knowledge of my name. 
I am the one who cries out, 

and I listen. 
I appear and [...] walk in [...] seal of my [...]. 
I am [...] the defense [...]. 
I am the one who is called Truth 

and iniquity [...]. 

You honor me [...] and you whisper against me. 
You who are vanquished, judge them (who 
vanquish you) 

before they give judgment against you, 
because the judge and partiality exist in 
you. 

If you are condemned by this one, who will 
acquit you? 

Or, if you are acquitted by him, who will 

be able to detain you? 
For what is inside of you is what is outside of 
you, 

and the one who fashions you on the 
outside 

is the one who shaped the inside of you. 
And what you see outside of you, you see 
inside of you; 

it is visible and it is your garment. 

Hear me, you hearers 

and learn of my words, you who know 
me. 

I am the hearing that is attainable to 
everything; 



17D 



I am the speech that cannot be grasped. 
I am the name of the sound 

and the sound of the name. 
I am the sign of the letter 

and the designation of the division. 
And I [...]. 
(3 lines missing) 
[...] light [...]. 
[...] hearers [...] to you 
[...] the great power. 
And [...] will not move the name. 
[...] to the one who created me. 

And I will speak his name. 

Look then at his words 

and all the writings which have been 

completed. 
Give heed then, you hearers 



and you also, the angels and those who 
have been sent, 

and you spirits who have arisen from the 
dead. 

For I am the one who alone exists, 

and I have no one who will judge me. 

For many are the pleasant forms which exist in 
numerous sins, 

and incontinencies, 

and disgraceful passions, 

and fleeting pleasures, 

which (men) embrace until they become 

sober 

and go up to their resting place. 
And they will find me there, 
and they will live, 
and they will not die again. 



i y i 



The Thunder, Perfect Mind 



CODEX VI (CG VI.2:13,1-21,32) 
Translation by Anne McGuire 



I was sent from the Power 

And I have come to those who think upon me. 

And I was found among those who seek after me 

(13,2-5). 

Look at me, you who think upon me; 
And you hearers, hear me! 

You who are waiting for me, take me to yourselves. 

And do not pursue me from your vision. 

And do not make your sound hate me, nor your 

hearing. 

Do not be ignorant of me at any place or any time. 
Be on guard! 

Do not be ignorant of me. (13,5-15). 

For I am the first and the last. 

I am the honored and the scorned, 

I am the harlot and the holy one. 

I am the wife and the virgin. 

I am the m[oth]er and the daughter. 

I am the members of my mother. 

I am the barren one and the one with many children. 

I am she whose marriage is multiple, and I have not 
taken a husband. 

I am the midwife and she who does not give birth. 
I am the comforting of my labor pains. 

I am the bride and the bridegroom. 

It is my husband who begot me. 

I am the mother of my father and the sister of my 

husband. 

And he is my offspring. 

I am the servant of him who prepared me and I am 
the lord of my offspring. 

But he is the one who be [got me] before time on a 
day of birth 

and he is my offspring in time, and my power is 
from him. 

I am the staff of his power in his youth and he is the 
rod of my old age. 

And whatever he wills happens to me. 

I am the incomprehensible silence and the much- 
remembered thought. 

I am the voice of many sounds and the utterance 

(logos) of many forms. 

I am the utterance of my name (13,15-14,15). 

Why, you who hate me, do you love me 
And hate those who love me? 



You who deny me, confess me, 

And you who confess me, deny me. 

You who speak the truth about me, tell lies about 

me, 

And you who have told lies about me, speak the 
truth about me. 

You who know me, become ignorant of me; 

and may those who have been ignorant of me come 

to know me (14,15-25). 

For I am knowledge and ignorance. 

I am shame and boldness. 

I am unashamed, I am ashamed. 

I am strength and I am fear. 

I am war and peace (14,26-32). 

Give heed to me (14,32-33). 

I am the disgraced and the exalted one (14,33-34).. 

Give heed to my poverty and my wealth. 

Do not be haughty to me when I am discarded upon 

the earth, 

And you will find me among [those] that are to 
come. 

And do not look upon me on the garbage-heap and 
go and leave me discarded. 

And you will find me in the kingdoms. 

And do not look upon me when I am discarded 
among those who are disgraced and in the least 
places, 

And then laugh at me. 

And do not cast me down among those who are 
slain in severity (14,34-15,14). 

But as for me, I am merciful and I am cruel (15,15- 
16). 

Be on guard! 

Do not hate my obedience, 

And do not love my self-control in my weakness. 

Do not forsake me, 

And do not be afraid of my power. 

Why then do you despise my fear 
And curse my pride? (15,16-24). 



i y e 



I am she who exists in all fears and boldness in 
trembling. 

I am she who is weak, and I am well in pleasure of 
place. 

I am foolish and I am wise (15,25-31). 

Why have you hated me in your counsels? 

(Is it) because I shall be silent among those who are 
silent, 

And I shall appear and speak? 

Why then have you hated me, you Greeks? 
Because I am a non-Greek among non-Greeks? 
(15,31-16,3). 

For I am the Wisdom of Greeks 

And the Gnosis of non-Greeks. 

I am judgment for Greeks and non-Greeks. 

I am the one whose image is multiple in Egypt. 

And the one who has no image among non-Greeks. 

I am she who has been hated everywhere and who 
has been loved everywhere. 

I am she who is called Life and you have called 
Death. 

I am she who is called Law and you have called 
Lawlessness. 

I am the one you have pursued, and I am the one 
you have restrained. 

I am the one you have scattered and you have 
gathered me together. 

Before me you have been ashamed and you have 
been unashamed with me. 

I am she who observes no festival and I am she 
whose festivals are many. 

I, I am godless and I am she whose God is multiple. 

I am the one upon whom you have thought and 

whom you have scorned. 

I am unlearned, and it is from me they learn. 

I am she whom you have despised and upon whom 
you think. 

I am the one from whom you have hidden and to 
whom you are manifest. 

But whenever you hide yourselves, I myself will be 
manifest. 

For whenever you are manifest, I myself [will hide f ] 
rom you. 

Those who have [... ] 
[...] 

[...] senselessly 



Take me [...] [under standing out of pain, 

and receive me to yourselves out of understanding 

[and] pain. 

Receive me to yourselves out of disgraceful places 
and contrition. 

And seize me from those which are good even 
though in disgrace. 

Out of shame, receive me to yourselves in 
shamelessness. 

And out of shamelessness and shame, blame my 

members among yourselves. 

And come forward to me, you who know me and 

who know my members. 

Establish the great ones among the small first 

creatures. 

Come forward to childhood and do not despise it 
because it is little and small. 
And do not bring back some greatnesses in parts 
from smallnesses, 

for the smallnesses are known from the greatnesses. 

Why do you curse me and honor me? 

You have wounded and you have had mercy. 

Do not separate me from the first ones whom you 
have k[nown. 

And] do not cast anyone [out 
and do not] bring anyone back [...] 
...brought you back 
and ... [kno]w him not (17,4-18,5). 

[I...] what is mine 

[...] I know the fi[rst ones] and those after them 
know me. 

But I am the [perfect] mind and the repose of the [...] 

I am the gnosis of my seeking, and the finding of 

those who seek after me. 

And the command of those who ask of me. 

And the power of the powers by my gnosis 
of the angels who have been sent by my logos, 
And the gods in their seasons by my command, 
And it is with me that the spirits of all humans exist, 
and it is within me that women exist. 

I am she who is honored and praised and who is 
despised scornfully. 

I am peace and because of me war has come to be. 
And I am an alien and a citizen. 
I am substance and she who has no substance. 
Those who come into being from my synousia are 
ignorant of me, 

And those who are in my substance know me. 

Those who are close to me have been ignorant of me 
And those who are far from me have known me. 
(18,6-35). 



173 



On the day when I am close to [you, you] are far 
away [from me 

And] on the day when I [am far away] from you, [I 
am] [close] to you. 
I [am] [....] within. 
[I..] of the natures. 

I am [ ] of the creation of spirits ....request of the 

souls. (18,35-19,8). 
[I am] restraint and unrestraint. 
I am union and dissolution. 
I am the abiding and I am the loosing. 
I am descent and they come up to me. 
I am the judgment and the acquittal. 
I, I am sinless and the root of sin is from me. 
I am desire in appearance and self-control of the 
heart exists within me. 

I am the hearing which is attainable to everyone and 
the ungraspable utterance. 

I am a non-speaking mute and great is my multitude 
of utterances (19,9-25). 

Hear me in softness and learn from me in harshness. 
(19,25-27). 

I am she who cries out, 
And I am cast out upon the face of the earth. 
I prepare the bread and my mind within. 
I am the gnosis of my name. 

I am she who cries out and I am the one who listens. 

I appear an[d...] walk in [...] 
seal of my [...]. ..[sign] of the 
I am [...] the defense. 

I am she who is cal[led] Truth. And violence [...] 
(19,28-20,8). 

You honor me [...] and you whisper against [me]. 
You who are defeated, 

judge them before they pass judgment against you. 
For the judge and partiality exist within you. 
If you are condemned by this, who will acquit you? 
Or if you are acquitted by him, who will be able to 
restrain you? 



For what is inside of you is what is outside of you. 

And the one who molded you on the outside has 

made an impression of it inside of you. 

And that which you see outside of you, 

you see inside of you. 

It is manifest and it is your garment. 

Hear me, listeners, and be taught my utterances, you 
who know me! (20,9-28) 

I am the hearing that is acceptable in every matter; 
I am the utterance that cannot be restrained. 
I am the name of the voice and the voice of the 
name. 

I am the sign of writing and the manifestation of 
difference. 

And I ... 

[3 lines missing] 
[...] light [...] and [...] 
[...] listeners [...] you. 

[...] the great power. 

And [...] will not move the name. 

[...] the one who created me. 

But I shall speak his name (20,28-21,11). 

Behold, then, his utterances and all the writings that 
have been completed. 

Give heed, then, listeners, and you also, angels, 

And those who have been sent, 

And you spirits who have arisen from the dead, 

(21,12-18). 

For I am the one who alone exists, 

And I have no one who will judge me. (21,18-20). 

For many are the sweet forms that exist in numerous 
sins 

And unrestrained acts and disgraceful passions, and 
temporal pleasures, 

Which are restrained until they become sober 
And run up to their place of rest. 
And they will find me there, 

And they will live and they will not die again (21,20- 
32). 



Notes 

This translation is based on the edition of the Coptic text by G. W. MacRae, Nag Hammadi Codices V,2-5 and VI with 
Papyrus Berolinensis 8502,1 and 4, ed. D. Parrott, Leiden: E. J. Brill, 1979, 231-55, with critical reference to the English 
translations of G. W. MacRae, in The Nag Hammadi Library in English, ed. I. M. Robinson, 271-277; and B. Layton, The 
Gnostic Scriptures, NY: Doubleday, 1987, 80-85. The poetic arrangement of the text is adapted from the translation of R. 
Unger, "Zur sprachlichen und formalen Struktur des gnostischen Textes 'Der Donner: der vollkommene Nous, 1 " Oriens 
Christianus 59 (1975) 78-107. 

Thunder, Perfect Mind (NHC VI,2) presents the revelation discourse of a female divinity who speaks alternately in first- 
person statements of identity ("I AM") and second-person address. The text's parallelism of structure, together with its 
extensive use of antithesis, paradox, and other literary devices, point clearly to its poetic or hymnic character. B. Layton 
has argued persuasively that the paradoxical and often outrageous pairing of antithetical terms in the "I AM" statements 



174 



of Thunder can be read as a complex identity riddle to be solved by the knowing or "gnostic" reader. At the same time, 
attention to various features of the text as a whole suggests that it is not only the mystery of the speaker's identity, but 
the relationship between the divine speaker and her human hearers that forms the exegetical crux of the text. 

Thunder focuses attention on the hearers' relationship to the divine speaker not only through its alternating structure of 
first-person proclamation and second-person address, but also through its metaphorical imagery of kinship and gender, 
its references to the audience's responses to the divine, and its claims about the speaker's role in the operations of 
language and intellect. Its persistent, uncompromising use of paradox pushes its hearers to relinquish the apparent 
sense of its words and to seek the hidden meaning of individual utterances and of the discourse as a whole. Finally, by 
locating the divine in the "voice" and "hearing" of the text, it leads its hearers or readers to find the divine within the text 
and within themselves, and so to discover themselves within the divine. In such an interpretive movement of letting go 
and finding, of becoming sober and being found, the text's final words suggest, the reader "goes up" to the salvific "place 
of rest," "finds" the divine persona revealed in the text, and "enters into" a state of living and not dying again. 

Thunder's conception of salvation does not conform to the more familiar "Gnostic" image of a transformative movement 
or "conversion' from blindness to vision, deficiency to fullness, or ignorance to gnosis. Rather, Thunder presents an 
understanding of salvation that comes through the interpretive process of grappling with the language of the text and 
confronting the paradoxical nature of the divine within the antitheses of ignorance and gnosis, weakness and power, 
shame and honor, death and life. At the same time, Thunder forges a sharp distinction between those who merely hear 
the words of the text and those who hear the divine voice with gnosis, that is, between those who remain ignorant and 
those who come to know the divine in the fullness of her complexity and mystery. Those who hear the utterances of 
Thunder with gnosis enter into salvific relation with the divine through the interchange of divine utterance and divine 
hearing, manifested within the symbolic world of the text and within themselves. "Thunder, Perfect Mind" may thus be 
interpreted not only as a title for the text, but as a name for the divine speaker, her thundering utterances, and her place 
of dwelling within those who hear her voice and know her mystery with the salvific gnosis and hearing of perfect mind. 

Setting in Ancient Mediterranean Religions 

While Thunder resembles many other ancient texts in various ways, its distinctive combination of features is virtually 
unmatched in the religious and philosophical literature of antiquity. In form, Thunder's first-person proclamations of 
identity ("I AM") parallel most directly the aretalogies of the goddess Isis. Yet the text's alternation between first-person 
identity statements and second-person address bring it closer to the form of the philosophical sermon or diatribe, 
familiar from the monologues of biblical Wisdom (e.g., Prov 8, Sir 24, Wis 7-8, 1 Enoch 42). In addition, Thunder 
combines these literary modes with rhetorical features, such as paradox and antithesis, which are more characteristic of 
the Greek riddle. 

In content as well as form, the closest parallels to Thunder are found in the hymnic speeches of female divinities in other 
Nag Hammadi texts, especially those of Pronoia (in Ap. John 11,1:30,11-31,28); Protennoia (throughout Trim. Prot. XIII,1); 
Sophia Zoe, the "Eve of Life" (in Orig. World 11,5:114,8-15); and the spiritual Eve in The Gospel of Eve (Epiph., Pan. 
26.3.1). Yet unlike most of these divine discourses, the utterances of Thunder have no narrative or epistolary setting. 
They appear as unmediated divine speech, addressed directly from the divine to her human hearers or readers. 

There is no general scholarly consensus on the social or historical setting of Thunder. While scholars agree that the text 
exhibits no explicitly Jewish or Christian elements, its imagery resonates with a variety of sources, including Jewish and 
Christian Wisdom, Isis traditions, Middle Platonism, Stoicism, and with other Nag Hammadi texts, especially those 
designated "Sethian" and "Valentinian." Thunder may profitably be read in relation to all of these texts and traditions as 
a revisionary poetic work that puts forward a distinctive perspective on the nature of the divine and her relation to 
humankind. 

Language, Date, Author, Provenance, and Manuscript 

Thunder, Perfect Mind exists only in the Coptic version found at Nag Hammadi (NHC VI,2:13,1-21,32). The author, date, 
and place of composition are unknown, but a cultural milieu like that of second- or third-century Alexandria is 
plausible. In any case, it is clear that the text was originally composed in Greek well before 350 C.E., the approximate 
date of the Coptic manuscript. The surviving text is relatively well preserved, with minor damage near the top of the 
first four pages (13-16) and somewhat more serious damage on the first ten lines of the remaining manuscript pages (17- 
21). 



i y 5 



Authoritative Teaching 



CODEX VI 
Translated by George W. MacRae 

Selection made from James M. Robinson, ed., The Nag Hammadi Library, revised edition. HarperCollins, San Francisco, 1990. 

[...] in heaven [...] within him [...] anyone appears [...] the hidden heavens [...] appear, and before 
the invisible, ineffable worlds appeared. From these the invisible soul of righteousness came, 
being a fellow member, and a fellow body, and a fellow spirit. Whether she is in the descent or is 
in the Pleroma, she is not separated from them, but they see her and she looks at them in the 
invisible world. 

Secretly her bridegroom fetched it. He presented it to her mouth to make her eat it like food, and 
he applied the word to her eyes as a medicine to make her see with her mind and perceive her 
kinsmen and learn about her root, in order that she might cling to her branch from which she had 
first come forth, in order that she might receive what is hers and renounce matter. 

[...] he [dwelt...] having [...] sons. The sons [...] truly, those who have come from his seed, call the 
sons of the woman "our brothers". In this very way, when the spiritual soul was cast into the body, 
it became a brother to lust and hatred and envy, and a material soul. So therefore the body came 
from lust, and lust came from material substance. For this reason the soul became a brother to 
them. 

And yet they are outsiders, without power to inherit from the male, but they will inherit from 
their mother only. Whenever, therefore, the soul wishes to inherit along with the outsiders - for 
the possessions of the outsiders are proud passions, the pleasures of life, hateful envies, 
vainglorious things, nonsensical things, accusations [...] for her [...] prostitution, he excludes her 
and puts her into the brothel. For [...] debauchery for her. She left modesty behind. For death and 
life are set before everyone. Whichever of these two they wish, then, they will choose for 
themselves. 

That one then will fall into drinking much wine in debauchery. For wine is the debaucher. 
Therefore she does not remember her brothers and her father, for pleasure and sweet profits 
deceive her. 

Having left knowledge behind, she fell into bestiality. For a senseless person exists in bestiality, 
not knowing what is proper to say and what it is proper not to say. But, on the other hand, the 
gentle son inherits from his father with pleasure, while his father rejoices over him because he 
receives honor on account of him from everyone, as he looks again for the way to double the 
things that he has received. For the outsiders [...]. 

[...] to mix with the [...]. For if a thought of lust enters into a virgin man, he has already become 
contaminated. And their gluttony cannot mix with moderation. For if the chaff is mixed with the 
wheat, it is not the chaff that is contaminated, but the wheat. For since they are mixed with each 
other, no one will buy her wheat, because it is contaminated. But they will coax him, "Give us this 
chaff!", seeing the wheat mixed with it, until they get it and throw it with all other chaff, and that 
chaff mixes with all other materials. But a pure seed is kept in storehouses that are secure. All 
these things,then, we have spoken. 

And before anything came into being, it was the Father alone who existed, before the worlds that 
are in the heavens appeared, or the world that is on the earth, or principality, or authority, or the 
powers. [...] appear [...] and [...] And nothing came into being without his wish. 

He, then, the Father, wishing to reveal his wealth and his glory, brought about this great contest in 
this world, wishing to make the contestants appear, and make all those who contend leave behind 
the things that had come into being, and despise them with a lofty, incomprehensible knowledge, 
and flee to the one who exists. 



176 



And (as for) those who contend with us, being adversaries who contend against us, we are to be 
victorious over their ignorance through our knowledge, since we have already known the 
Inscrutable One from whom we have come forth. We have nothing in this world, lest the authority 
of the world that has come into being should detain us in the worlds that are in the heavens, those 
in which universal death exists, surrounded by the individual [...] worldly. We have also become 
ashamed of the worlds, though we take no interest in them when they malign us. And we ignore 
them when they curse us. When they cast shame in our face, we look at them and do not speak. 

For they work at their business, but we go about in hunger (and) in thirst, looking toward our 
dwelling-place, the place which our conduct and our conscience look toward, not clinging to the 
things which have come into being, but withdrawing from them. Our hearts are set on the things 
that exist, though we are ill (and) feeble (and) in pain. But there is a great strength hidden within 
us. 

Our soul indeed is ill because she dwells in a house of poverty, while matter strikes blows at her 
eyes, wishing to make her blind. For this reason she pursues the word and applies it to her eyes as 
a medicine <opening> them, casting away [...] thought of a [...] blindness in [...] afterwards, when 
that one is again in ignorance, he is completely darkened and is material. Thus the soul [...] a word 
every hour, to apply it to her eyes as a medicine in order that she may see, and her light may 
conceal the hostile forces that fight with her, and she may make them blind with her light, and 
enclose them in her presence, and make them fall down in sleeplessness, and she may act boldly 
with her strength and with her scepter. 

While her enemies look at her in shame, she runs upward into her treasure-house - the one in 
which her mind is - and (into) her storehouse which is secure, since nothing among the things that 
have come into being has seized her, nor has she received a stranger into her house. For many are 
her homeborn ones who fight against her by day and by night, having no rest by day or by night, 
for their lust oppresses them. 

For this reason, then, we do not sleep, nor do we forget the nets that are spread out in hiding, 
lying in wait for us to catch us. For if we are caught in a single net, it will suck us down into its 
mouth, while the water flows over us, striking our face. And we will be taken down into the 
dragnet, and we will not be able to come up from it, because the waters are high over us, flowing 
from above downward, submerging our heart down in the filthy mud. And we will not be able to 
escape from them. For man-eaters will seize us and swallow us, rejoicing like a fisherman casting 
a hook into the water. For he casts many kinds of food into the water because each one of the fish 
has his own food. He smells it and pursues its odor. But when he eats it, the hook hidden within 
the food seizes him and brings him up by force out of the deep waters. No man is able, then, to 
catch that fish down in the deep waters, except for the trap that the fisherman sets. By the ruse of 
food he brought the fish up on the hook. 

In this very way we exist in this world, like fish. The adversary spies on us, lying in wait for us 
like a fisherman, wishing to seize us, rejoicing that he might swallow us. For he places many foods 
before our eyes (things) which belong to this world. He wishes to make us desire one of them and 
to taste only a little, so that he may seize us with his hidden poison and bring us out of freedom 
and take us into slavery. For whenever he catches us with a single food, it is indeed necessary for 
us to desire the rest. Finally, then, such things become the food of death. 

Now these are the foods with which the devil lies in wait for us. First he injects a pain into your 
heart until you have heartache on account of a small thing of this life, and he seizes (you) with his 
poisons. And afterward (he injects) the desire of a tunic, so that you will pride yourself in it, and 
love of money, pride, vanity, envy that rivals another envy, beauty of body, fraudulence. The 
greatest of all these are ignorance and ease. 

Now all such things the adversary prepares beautifully and spreads out before the body, wishing 
to make the mind of the soul incline her toward one of them and overwhelm her, like a hook, 
drawing her by force in ignorance, deceiving her until she conceives evil, and bears fruit of matter, 
and conducts herself in uncleanness, pursuing many desires, covetousnesses, while fleshly 
pleasure draws her in ignorance. 



177 



But the soul - she who has tasted these things - realized that sweet passions are transitory. She had 
learned about evil; she went away from them and she entered into a new conduct. Afterwards she 
despises this life, because it is transitory. And she looks for those foods that will take her into life, 
and leaves behind her those deceitful foods. And she learns about her light, as she goes about 
stripping off this world, while her true garment clothes her within, (and) her bridal clothing is 
placed upon her in beauty of mind, not in pride of flesh. And she learns about her depth and runs 
into her fold, while her shepherd stands at the door. In return for all the shame and scorn, then, 
that she received in this world, she receives ten thousand times the grace and glory. 

She gave the body to those who had given it to her, and they were ashamed, while the dealers in 
bodies sat down and wept because they were not able to do any business with that body, nor did 
they find any (other) merchandise except it. They endured great labors until they had shaped the 
body of this soul, wishing to strike down the invisible soul. They were therefore ashamed of their 
work; they suffered the loss of the one for whom they had endured labors. They did not realize 
that she has an invisible spiritual body, thinking, "We are her shepherd who feeds her." But they 
did not realize that she knows another way, which is hidden from them. This her true shepherd 
taught her in knowledge. 

But these - the ones who are ignorant - do not seek after God. Nor do they inquire about their 
dwelling-place, which exists in rest, but they go about in bestiality. They are more wicked than the 
pagans, because first of all they do not inquire about God, for their hardness of heart draws them 
down to make them their cruelty. Furthermore, if they find someone else who asks about his 
salvation, their hardness of heart sets to work upon that man. And if he does not stop asking, they 
kill him by their cruelty, thinking that they have done a good thing for themselves. 

Indeed they are sons of the devil! For even pagans give charity, and they know that God who is in 
the heavens exists, the Father of the universe, exalted over their idols, which they worship. But 
they have not heard the word, that they should inquire about his ways. Thus the senseless man 
hears the call, but he is ignorant of the place to which he has been called. And he did not ask 
during the preaching, "Where is the temple into which I should go and worship my hope?" 

On account of his senselessness, then, he is worse than a pagan, for the pagans know the way to 
go to their stone temple, which will perish, and they worship their idol, while their hearts are set 
on it because it is their hope. But to this senseless man the word has been preached, teaching him, 
"Seek and inquire about the ways you should go, since there is nothing else that is as good as this 
thing." The result is that the substance of hardness of heart strikes a blow upon his mind, along 
with the force of ignorance and the demon of error. They do not allow his mind to rise up, because 
he was wearying himself in seeking that he might learn about his hope. 

But the rational soul who (also) wearied herself in seeking - she learned about God. She labored 
with inquiring, enduring distress in the body, wearing out her feet after the evangelists, learning 
about the Inscrutable One. She found her rising. She came to rest in him who is at rest. She 
reclined in the bride-chamber. She ate of the banquet for which she had hungered. She partook of 
the immortal food. She found what she had sought after. She received rest from her labors, while 
the light that shines forth upon her does not sink. To it belongs the glory and the power and the 
revelation for ever and ever. Amen. 



Authoritative Teaching 



The Concept of Our Great Power 



CODEX VI 

Translated by Frederik Wisse 

Selection made from James M. Robinson, ed., The Nag Hammadi Library, revised edition. HarperCollins, San Francisco, 1990. 

The Perception of Understanding 
The Concept of the Great Power 

He who will know our great Power will become invisible, and fire will not be able to consume 
him. But it will purge and destroy all of your possessions. For everyone in whom my form will 
appear will be saved, from (the age of) seven days up to one hundred and twenty years. (Those) 
whom I constrained to gather all that is fallen - and the writings of our great Power, in order that 
he may inscribe your name in our great light - and their thoughts and their works may be ended, 
that they may be purged, and be scattered and be destroyed, and be gathered in the place which 
no one in it sees. But you will see me, and you will prepare your dwelling places in our great 
Power. 

Know how what has departed came to be, in order that you may know how to discern what lives 
to become: of what appearance that aeon is, or what kind it is, or how it will come to be. Why do 
you not ask what kind you will become, (or) rather how you came to be? 

Discern what size the water is, that it is immeasurable (and) incomprehensible, both its beginning 
and its end. It supports the earth; it blows in the air where the gods and the angels are. But in him 
who is exalted above all these there is the fear and the light, and in him are my writings revealed. I 
have given them as a service to the creation of the physical things, for it is not possible for anyone 
to stand without that One, nor is it possible for the aeon to live without him. It is he who possesses 
what is in him by discerning (it) in purity. 

Then behold the Spirit and know where he is. He gave himself to men that they may receive life 
from him every day, since he has his life within him; he gives to them all. 

Then the darkness together with Hades took the fire. And he (the darkness) will release from 
himself what is mine. His eyes were not able to endure my light. After the spirits and the waters 
moved, the remainder came into being: the whole aeon of the creation, and their <powers>. The 
fire came forth from them and the Power came in the midst of the powers. And the powers 
desired to see my image. And the soul became its replica. 

This is the work that came into being. See what it is like, that before it comes into being it does not 
see, because the aeon of the flesh came to be in the great bodies. And there were apportioned to 
them long days in the creation. For when they had polluted themselves and had entered into the 
flesh, the father of the flesh, the water, avenged himself. For when he had found that Noah was 
pious (and) worthy - and it is the father of the flesh who holds the angels in subjection. And he 
(Noah) preached piety for one hundred and twenty years. And no one listened to him. And he 
made a wooden ark, and whom he had found entered it. And the flood took place. 

And thus Noah was saved with his sons. For if indeed the ark had not been meant for man to 
enter, then the water of the flood would not have come. In this way he intended (and) planned to 
save the gods and the angels, and the powers, the greatness of all of these, and the <nourishment> 
and the way of life. And he moves them from the aeon (and) nourishes them in the permanent 
places. And the judgment of the flesh was unleashed. Only the work of the Power stood up. 

Next the psychic aeon. It is a small one, which is mixed with bodies, by begetting in the souls 
(and) defiling (them). For the first defilement of the creation found strength. And it begot every 
work: many works of wrath, anger, envy, malice, hatred, slander, contempt and war, lying and 



179 



evil counsels, sorrows and pleasures, basenesses and defilements, falsehoods and diseases, evil 
judgments that they decree according to their desires. 

Yet you are sleeping, dreaming dreams. Wake up and return, taste and eat the true food! Hand out 
the word and the water of life! Cease from the evil lusts and desires and (the teachings of) the 
Anomoeans, evil heresies that have no basis. 

And the mother of the fire was impotent. She brought the fire upon the soul and the earth, and she 
burned all <the> dwellings that are in it. And its shepherd perished. Moreover, when she does not 
find anything else to burn, she will destroy herself. And it will become incorporeal, without body, 
and it will burn matter, until it has cleansed everything, - and all wickedness. For when it does not 
find anything else to burn, it will turn against itself until it has destroyed itself. 

Then, in this aeon, which is the psychic one, the man will come into being who knows the great 
Power. He will receive (me) and he will know me. He will drink from the milk of the mother, in 
fact. He will speak in parables; he will proclaim the aeon that is to come, just as he spoke in the 
first aeon of the flesh, as Noah. Now concerning his words, which he uttered, he spoke in all of 
them, in seventy-two tongues. And he opened the gates of the heavens with his words. And he 
put to shame the ruler of Hades; he raised the dead, and he destroyed his dominion. 

Then a great disturbance took place. The archons raised up their wrath against him. They wanted 
to hand him over to the ruler of Hades. Then they recognized one of his followers. A fire took hold 
of his soul. He (Judas?) handed him over, since no one knew him (Jesus?). They acted and seized 
him. They brought judgment upon themselves. And they delivered him up to the ruler of Hades. 
And they handed him over to Sasabek for nine bronze coins. He prepared himself to go down and 
put them to shame. Then the ruler of Hades took him. And he found that the nature of his flesh 
could not be seized, in order to show it to the archons. But he was saying: "Who is this? What is it? 
His word has abolished the law of the aeon. He is from the Logos of the power of life." And he 
was victorious over the command of the archons, and they were not able by their work to rule 
over him. 

The archons searched after that which had come to pass. They did not know that this is the sign of 
their dissolution, and (that) it is the change of the aeon. The sun set during the day; that day 
became dark. The evil spirits were troubled. And after these things he will appear ascending. And 
the sign of the aeon that is to come will appear. And the aeons will dissolve. 

And those who would know these things that were discussed with them, will become blessed. 
And they will reveal them, and they will become blessed, since they will come to know the truth. 
For you have found rest in the heavens. 

Then many will follow him, and they will labor in their birthplaces. They will go about; they will 
write down his words according to (their) desire. 

Behold, these aeons have passed. What size is the water of the aeon that has dissolved? What 
dimensions do aeons have? How will men prepare themselves, and how will they be established, 
and how will they become indestructible aeons? 

But at first, after his preaching - it is he who proclaims the second aeon, and the first. And the first 
aeon perished in the course of time. He made the first aeon, going about in it until it perished, 
while preaching one hundred and twenty years in number. This is the perfect number that is 
highly exalted. He made the border of the West desolate, and he destroyed the East. Then your 
seed and those who wish to follow our great Logos and his proclamation - [...] 

Then the wrath of the archons burned. They were ashamed of their dissolution. And they fumed 
and were angry at the life. The cities were <overturned>; the mountains dissolve. The archon 
came, with the archons of the western regions, to the East, i.e., that place where the Logos 
appeared at first. Then the earth trembled, and the cities were troubled. Moreover, the birds ate 
and were filled with their dead. The earth mourned together with the inhabited world; they 
became desolate. 

Then when the times were completed, then wickedness arose mightily even until the final end of 
the Logos. Then the archon of the western regions arose, and from the East he will perform a 



ISO 



work, and he will instruct men in his wickedness. And he wants to nullify all teaching, the words 
of true wisdom, while loving the lying wisdom. For he attacked the old, wishing to introduce 
wickedness and to put on dignity. He was incapable, because the defilement of his garments is 
great. Then he became angry. He appeared and desired to go up and to pass up to that place. 

Then the appointed time came and drew near. And he changed the commands. Then the time 
came until the child had grown up. When he had come to his maturity, then the archons sent the 
imitator to that man in order that they might know our great Power. And they were expecting 
from him that he would perform for them a sign. And he bore great signs. And he reigned over 
the whole earth and all those who are under heaven. He placed his throne upon the end of the 
earth, for "I shall make you god of the world". He will perform signs and wonders. Then they will 
turn from me, and they will go astray. 

Then those men who will follow after him will introduce circumcision. And he will pronounce 
judgment upon those who are from the uncircumcision, who are the (true) people. For in fact he 
sent many preachers beforehand, who preached on his behalf. 

When he has completed the established time of the kingdom of the earth, then the cleansing of the 
souls will come, since wickedness is stronger than you. All the powers of the sea will tremble and 
dry up, And the firmament will not pour down dew. The springs will cease. The rivers will not 
flow down to their springs. And the waters of the springs of the earth will cease. Then the depths 
will be laid bare and they will open. The stars will grow in size, and the sun will cease. 

And I shall withdraw with everyone who will know me. And they will enter into the 
immeasurable light, (where) there is no one of the flesh nor the wantonness of the first to seize 
them. They will be unhampered (and) holy, since nothing drags them down. I myself protect 
them, since they have holy garments, which the fire cannot touch, nor darkness nor wind nor a 
moment, so as to cause one to shut the eyes. 

Then he will come to destroy all of them. And they will be chastised until they become pure. 
Moreover their period, which was given to them to have power, which was apportioned to them, 
(is) fourteen hundred and sixty years. When the fire has consumed them all, and when it does not 
find anything else to burn, then it will perish by its own hand. Then the [...] will be completed [...] 
the second power [...] the mercy will come [...] through wisdom [...]. Then the firmaments will fall 
down into the depth. Then the sons of matter will perish; they will not be, henceforth. 

Then the souls will appear, who are holy through the light of the Power, who is exalted, above all 
powers, the immeasurable, the universal one, I and all those who will know me. And they will be 
in the aeon of beauty of the aeon of judgment, since they are ready in wisdom, having given glory 
to him who is in the incomprehensible unity; and they see him because of his will, which is in 
them. And they all have become as reflections in his light. They all have shone, and they have 
found rest in his rest. 

And he will release the souls that are being punished, and they will come to be in purity. And 
they will see the saints and cry out to them, "Have mercy on us, O Power who art above all 
powers!" For [...] and in the tree of iniquity that exists [...] to him their eyes. And they do not seek 
him because they do not seek us, nor do they believe us, but they acted according to the creation of 
the archons and its other rulers. But we have acted according to our birth of the flesh, in the 
creation of the archons, which gives law. We also have come to be in the unchangeable aeon. 



The Concept of Our Great Power 



Plato, Republic 588A-589B 



CODEX VI 
Translated by James Brashler 

Selection made from James M. Robinson, ed., The Nag Hammadi Library, revised edition. HarperCollins, San Francisco, 1990. 

"Since we have come to this point in a discussion, let us again take up the first things 
that were said to us. And we will find that he says, 'Good is he who has been done 
injustice completely. He is glorified justly. 1 Is not this how he was reproached?" 

"This is certainly the fitting way!" 

And I said, "Now then, we have spoken because he said that he who does injustice 
and he who does justice each has a force." 

"How then?" 

"He said, An image that has no likeness is the rationality of soul,' so that he who said 
these things will understand. He [,..] or not? We [...] is for me. But all [...] who told 
them [...] ruler, these now have become natural creatures - even Chimaera and 
Cerberus and all the rest that were mentioned. They all came down and they cast off 
forms and images. And they all became a single image. It was said, 'Work now!' 
Certainly it is a single image that became the image of a complex beast with many 
heads. Some days indeed it is like the image of a wild beast. Then it is able to cast off 
the first image. And all these hard and difficult forms emanate from it with effort, 
since these are formed now with arrogance. And also all the rest that are like them are 
formed now through the word. For now it is a single image. For the image of the lion 
is the one thing and the image of the man is another. [...] single [...] is the [...] of [...] 
join. And this [...] much more complex than the first. And the second is small." 

"It has been formed." 

"Now then, join them to each other and make them a single one - for they are three - so 
that they grow together, and all are in a single image outside of the image of the man 
just like him who is unable to see the things inside him. But what is outside only is 
what he sees. And it is apparent what creature his image is in and that he was formed 
in a human image. 

"And I spoke to him who said that there is profit in the doing of injustice for the man. 
He who does injustice truly does not profit nor does he benefit. But what is profitable 
for him is this: that he cast down every image of the evil beast and trample them along 
with the images of the lion. But the man is in weakness in this regard. And all the 
things that he does are weak. As a result he is drawn to the place where he spends 
time with them. [...]. And he [...] to him in[...]. But he brings about [...] enmity [...]. And 
with strife they devour each other among themselves. Yes, all these things he said to 
everyone who praises the doing of injustice." 

"Then is it not profitable for him who speaks justly?" 

"And if he does these things and speaks in them, within the man they take hold 
firmly. Therefore especially he strives to take care of them and he nourishes them just 
like the farmer nourishes his produce daily. And the wild beasts keep it from growing. 



1 Bi 



The Discourse on the Eighth and Ninth 



CODEX VI 

Translated by James Brashler, Peter A. Dirkse, and Douglas M. Parrott 

Selection made from James M. Robinson, ed., The Nag Hammadi Library, revised edition. HarperCollins, San Francisco, 1990. 

"My father, yesterday you promised me that you would bring my mind into the eighth and 
afterwards you would bring me into the ninth. You said that this is the order of the tradition." 
"My son, indeed this is the order. But the promise was according to human nature. For I told you 
when I initiated the promise, I said, 'If you hold in mind each one of the steps.' After I had 
received the spirit through the power, I set forth the action for you. Indeed, the understanding 
dwells in you; in me (it is) as though the power were pregnant. For when I conceived from the 
fountain that flowed to me, I gave birth." 

"My father, you have spoken every word well to me. But I am amazed at this statement that you 
have just made. For you said, 'The power that is in me 1 ." 

He said, "I gave birth to it (the power), as children are born." 

"Then, my father, I have many brothers, if I am to be numbered among the offspring." 

"Right, my son! This good thing is numbered by ... (3 lines missing) ... and [...] at all times. 
Therefore, my son, it is necessary for you to recognize your brothers and to honor them rightly 
and properly, because they come from the same father. For each generation I have called. I have 
named it, because they were offspring like these sons." 

"Then, my father, do they have (a) day?" 

"My son, they are spiritual ones. For they exist as forces that grow other souls. Therefore I say that 
they are immortal." 

"Your word is true; it has no refutation from now on. My father, begin the discourse on the eighth 
and the ninth, and include me also with my brothers." 

"Let us pray, my son, to the father of the universe, with your brothers who are my sons, that he 
may give the spirit of eloquence." 

"How do they pray, my father, when joined with the generations? I want to obey, my father." 

(2 lines missing) ... But it is not [.,.]. Nor is it a [...]. But he is satisfied with her [...] him [...]. And it is 
right for you to remember the progress that came to you as wisdom in the books, my son. 
Compare yourself to the early years of life. As children (do), you have posed senseless, 
unintelligent questions. " 

"My father, the progress that has come to me now, and the foreknowledge, according to the books, 
that has come to me, exceeding the deficiency - these things are foremost in me." 

"My son, when you understand the truth of your statement, you will find your brothers, who are 
my sons, praying with you." 

"My father, I understand nothing else except the beauty that came to me in the books." 

"This is what you call the beauty of the soul, the edification that came to you in stages. May the 
understanding come to you, and you will teach." 

"I have understood, my father, each one of the books. And especially the ... (2 lines missing) ... 
which is in [...]." 

"My son, [...] in praises from those who extolled them." 

"My father, from you I will receive the power of the discourse that you will give. As it was told to 
both (of us), let us pray, my father." 

"My son, what is fitting is to pray to God with all our mind and all our heart and our soul, and to 
ask him that the gift of the eighth extend to us, and that each one receive from him what is his. 



183 



Your part, then, is to understand; my own is to be able to deliver the discourse from the fountain 
that flows to me." 

"Let us pray, my father: I call upon you, who rules over the kingdom of power, whose word comes 
as (a) birth of light. And his words are immortal. They are eternal and unchanging. He is the one 
whose will begets life for the forms in every place. His nature gives form to substance. By him, the 
souls of the eighth and the angels are moved ... (2 lines missing) ... those that exist. His providence 
extends to everyone [...] begets everyone. He is the one who [...] the aeon among spirits. He 
created everything. He who is self-contained cares for everything. He is perfect, the invisible God 
to whom one speaks in silence - his image is moved when it is directed, and it governs - the one 
mighty power, who is exalted above majesty, who is better than the honored (ones), Zoxathazo a 
oo ee ooo eee oooo ee oooooo ooooo oooooo uuuuuu oooooooooooo ooo Zozazoth. 

"Lord, grant us a wisdom from your power that reaches us, so that we may describe to ourselves 
the vision of the eighth and the ninth. We have already advanced to the seventh, since we are 
pious and walk in your law. And your will we fulfill always. For we have walked in your way, 
and we have renounced [...], so that your vision may come. Lord, grant us the truth in the image. 
Allow us through the spirit to see the form of the image that has no deficiency, and receive the 
reflection of the pleroma from us through our praise. 

"And acknowledge the spirit that is in us. For from you the universe received soul. For from you, 
the unbegotten one, the begotten one came into being. The birth of the self-begotten one is through 
you, the birth of all begotten things that exist. Receive from us these spiritual sacrifices, which we 
send to you with all our heart and our soul and all our strength. Save that which is in us and grant 
us the immortal wisdom." 

"Let us embrace each other affectionately, my son. Rejoice over this! For already from them the 
power, which is light, is coming to us. For I see! I see indescribable depths. How shall I tell you, 
my son? [...] from the [...] the places. How shall I describe the universe? I am Mind, and I see 
another Mind, the one that moves the soul! I see the one that moves me from pure forgetfulness. 
You give me power! I see myself! I want to speak! Fear restrains me. I have found the beginning of 
the power that is above all powers, the one that has no beginning. I see a fountain bubbling with 
life. I have said, my son, that I am Mind. I have seen! Language is not able to reveal this. For the 
entire eighth, my son, and the souls that are in it, and the angels, sing a hymn in silence. And I, 
Mind, understand." 

"What is the way to sing a hymn through it (silence)?" 

"Have you become such that you cannot be spoken to?" 

"I am silent, my father. I want to sing a hymn to you while I am silent." 

"Then sing it, for I am Mind." 

"I understand Mind, Hermes, who cannot be interpreted, because he keeps within himself. And I 
rejoice, my father, because I see you smiling. And the universe rejoices. Therefore, there is no 
creature that will lack your life. For you are the lord of the citizens in every place. Your providence 
protects. I call you 'father', 'aeon of the aeons', 'great divine spirit'. And by a spirit he gives rain 
upon everyone. What do you say to me, my father, Hermes?" 

"Concerning these things, I do not say anything, my son. For it is right before God that we keep 
silent about what is hidden." 

"Trismegistus, let not my soul be deprived of the great divine vision. For everything is possible for 
you as master of the universe." 

"Return to <praising>, my son, and sing while you are silent. Ask what you want in silence." 

What he had finished praising, he shouted, "Father Trismegistus! What shall I say? We have 
received this light. And I myself see this same vision in you. And I see the eighth, and the souls 
that are in it, and the angels singing a hymn to the ninth and its powers. And I see him who has 
the power of them all, creating those <that are> in the spirit." 

"It is advantageous from now on, that we keep silence in a reverent posture. Do not speak about 
the vision from now on. It is proper to sing a hymn to the father until the day to quit (the) body." 



184 



"What you sing, my father, I too want to sing." 

"I am singing a hymn within myself. While you rest yourself, be active in praise. For you have 
found what you seek." 

"But is it proper, my father, that I praise because I am filled in my heart?" 

"What is proper is your praise that you will sing to God, so that it might be written in this 
imperishable book." 

"I will offer up the praise in my heart, as I pray to the end of the universe and the beginning of the 
beginning, to the object of man's quest, the immortal discovery, the begetter of light and truth, the 
sower of reason, the love of immortal life. No hidden word will be able to speak about you, Lord. 
Therefore, my mind wants to sing a hymn to you daily. I am the instrument of your spirit; Mind is 
your plectrum. And your counsel plucks me. I see myself! I have received power from you. For 
your love has reached us." 

"Right, my son." 

"Grace! After these things, I give thanks by singing a hymn to you. For I have received life from 
you, when you made me wise. I praise you. I call your name that is hidden within me: a o ee o eee 
ooo iii oooo ooooo ooooo uuuuuu oo ooooooooo ooooooooo oo. You are the one who exists with 
the spirit. I sing a hymn to you reverently." 

"My son, write this book for the temple at Diospolis in hieroglyphic characters, entitling it 'The 
Eighth Reveals the Ninth.'" 

"I will do it, my <father>, as you command now." 

"My <son>, write the language of the book on steles of turquoise. My son, it is proper to write this 
book on steles of turquoise, in hieroglyphic characters. For Mind himself has become overseer of 
these. Therefore, I command that this teaching be carved on stone, and that you place it in my 
sanctuary. Eight guardians guard it with [...] of the Sun. The males on the right are frog-faced, and 
the females on the left are cat-faced. And put a square milk-stone at the base of the turquoise 
tablets, and write the name on the azure stone tablet in hieroglyphic characters. My son, you will 
do this when I am in Virgo, and the sun is in the first half of the day, and fifteen degrees have 
passed by me." 

"My father, everything that you say I will do eagerly." 

"And write an oath in the book, lest those who read the book bring the language into abuse, and 
not (use it) to oppose the acts of fate. Rather, they should submit to the law of God, without 
having transgressed at all, but in purity asking God for wisdom and knowledge. And he who will 
not be begotten at the start by God comes to be by the general and guiding discourses. He will not 
be able to read the things written in this book, although his conscience is pure within him, since he 
does not do anything shameful, nor does he consent to it. Rather, by stages he advances and enters 
into the way of immortality. And thus he enters into the understanding of the eighth that reveals 
the ninth." 

"So shall I do it, my father." 

"This is the oath: I make him who will read this holy book swear by heaven and earth, and fire and 
water, and seven rulers of substance, and the creating spirit in them, and the <unbegotten> God, 
and the self-begotten one, and him who has been begotten, that he will guard the things that 
Hermes has said. And those who keep the oath, God will be reconciled with them and everyone 
whom we have named. But wrath will come to each one of those who violate the oath. This is the 
perfect one who is, my son." 



1 85 



The Prayer of Thanksgiving 



CODEX VI 

Translated by James Brashler, Peter A. Dirkse and Douglas M. Parrott 

Selection made from James M. Robinson, ed., The Nag Hammadi Library, revised edition. HarperCollins, San Francisco, 1990. 

This the prayer that they spoke: 

"We give thanks to You! Every soul and heart is lifted up to You, 
undisturbed name, honored with the name 'God' and praised with 
the name 'Father', for to everyone and everything (comes) the 
fatherly kindness and affection and love, and any teaching there 
may be that is sweet and plain, giving us mind, speech, (and) 
knowledge: mind, so that we may understand You, speech, so that 
we may expound You, knowledge, so that we may know You. We 
rejoice, having been illuminated by Your knowledge. We rejoice 
because You have shown us Yourself. We rejoice because while we 
were in (the) body, You have made us divine through Your 
knowledge. 

"The thanksgiving of the man who attains to You is one thing: that 
we know You. We have known You, intellectual light. Life of life, 
we have known You. Womb of every creature, we have known 
You. Womb pregnant with the nature of the Father, we have known 
You. Eternal permanence of the begetting Father, thus have we 
worshiped Your goodness. There is one petition that we ask: we 
would be preserved in knowledge. And there is one protection that 
we desire: that we not stumble in this kind of life." 

When they had said these things in the prayer, they embraced each 
other and they went to eat their holy food, which has no blood in it. 

Scribal Note 

I have copied this one discourse of his. Indeed, very many have 
come to me. I have not copied them because I thought that they had 
come to you (pi.)- Also, I hesitate to copy these for you because, 
perhaps they have (already) come to you, and the matter may 
burden you. Since the discourses of that one, which have come to 
me, are numerous ... 



1 8E 



Asclepius 21-29 



CODEX VI 

Translated by James Brashler, Peter A. Dirkse, and Douglas M. Parrott 

Selection made from James M. Robinson, ed., The Nag Hammadi Library, revised edition. HarperCollins, San Francisco, 1990. 

"And if you (Asclepius) wish to see the reality of this mystery, then you should see the wonderful 
representation of the intercourse that takes place between the male and the female. For when the 
semen reaches the climax, it leaps forth. In that moment, the female receives the strength of the 
male; the male, for his part, receives the strength of the female, while the semen does this. 

"Therefore, the mystery of intercourse is performed in secret, in order that the two sexes might not 
disgrace themselves in front of many who do not experience that reality. For each of them (the 
sexes) contributes its (own part in) begetting. For if it happens in the presence of those who do not 
understand the reality, (it is) laughable and unbelievable. And, moreover, they are holy mysteries, 
of both words and deeds, because not only are they not heard, but also they are not seen. 

"Therefore, such people (the unbelievers) are blasphemers. They are atheistic and impious. But the 
others are not many; rather, the pious who are counted are few. Therefore, wickedness remains 
among (the) many, since learning concerning the things which are ordained does not exist among 
them. For the knowledge of the things which are ordained is truly the healing of the passions of 
the matter. Therefore, learning is something derived from knowledge. 

"But if there is ignorance, and learning does not exist in the soul of man, (then) the incurable 
passions persist in it (the soul). And additional evil comes with them (the passions), in the form of 
an incurable sore. And the sore constantly gnaws at the soul, and through it the soul produces 
worms from the evil, and stinks. But God is not the cause of these things, since he sent to men 
knowledge and learning. 

"Trismegistus, did he send them to men alone?" 

"Yes, Asclepius, he sent them to them alone. And it is fitting that we tell you why to men alone he 
granted knowledge and learning, the allotment of his good. 

"And now listen! God and the Father, even the Lord, created man subsequent to the gods, and he 
took him from the region of matter. Since matter is involved in the creation of man, of [...], the 
passions are in it. Therefore, they continually flow over his body, for this living creature would 
not have existed in any other way except that he had taken this food, since he is mortal. It is also 
inevitable that inopportune desires, which are harmful, dwell in him. For the gods, since they 
came into being out of a pure matter, do not need learning and knowledge. For the immortality of 
the gods is learning and knowledge, since they came into being out of pure matter. It 
(immortality) assumed for them the position of knowledge and learning. By necessity, he (God) 
set a boundary for man; he placed him in learning and knowledge. 

"Concerning these things (learning and knowledge) which we have mentioned from the 
beginning, he (God) perfected them in order that by means of these things he might restrain 
passions and evils, according to his will. He brought his (man's) mortal existence into immortality; 
he (man) became good (and) immortal, just as I have said. For he (God) created (a) two-fold nature 
for him: the immortal and the mortal. 

"And it happened this way because of the will of God that men be better than the gods, since, 
indeed, the gods are immortal, but men alone are both immortal and mortal. Therefore, man has 
become akin to the gods, and they know the affairs of each other with certainty. The gods know 
the things of men, and men know the things of the gods. And I am speaking about men, 
Asclepius, who have attained learning and knowledge. But (about) those who are more vain than 
these, it is not fitting that we say anything base, since we are divine and are introducing holy 
matters. 



187 



"Since we have entered the matter of the communion between the gods and men, know, 
Asclepius, that in which man can be strong! For just as the Father, the Lord of the universe, creates 
gods, in this very way man too, this mortal, earthly, living creature, the one who is not like God, 
also himself creates gods. Not only does he strengthen, but he is also strengthened. Not only is he 
god, but he also creates gods. Are you astonished, Asclepius? Are you yourself another disbeliever 
like the many?" 

"Trismegistus, I agree with the words (spoken) to me. And I believe you as you speak. But I have 
also been astonished at the discourse about this. And I have decided that man is blessed, since he 
has enjoyed this great power." 

"And that which is greater than all these things, Asclepius, is worthy of admiration. Now it is clear 
to us concerning the race of the gods, and we confess it along with everyone else, that it (the race 
of the gods) has come into being out of a pure matter. And their bodies are heads only. But that 
which men create is the likeness of the gods. They (the gods) are from the farthest part of the 
matter, and it (the object created by men) is from the outer (part) of the being of men. Not only are 
they (what men created) heads, but (they are) also all the other members of the body, and 
according to their likeness. Just as God has willed that the inner man be created according to his 
image, in the very same way, man on earth creates gods according to his likeness." 

"Trismegistus, you are not talking about idols, are you?" 

"Asclepius, you yourself are talking about idols. You see that again, you yourself, Asclepius, are 
also a disbeliever of the discourse. You say about those who have soul and breadth, that they are 
idols - these who bring about these great events. You are saying about these who give prophecies 
that they are idols - these who give men sickness and healing that [...] them. 

"Or are you ignorant, Asclepius, that Egypt is (the) image of heaven? Moreover, it is the dwelling 
place of heaven and all the forces that are in heaven. If it is proper for us to speak the truth, our 
land is (the) temple of the world. And it is proper for you not to be ignorant that a time will come 
in it (our land, when) Egyptians will seem to have served the divinity in vain, and all their activity 
in their religion will be despised. For all divinity will leave Egypt, and will flee upward to heaven. 
And Egypt will be widowed; it will be abandoned by the gods. For foreigners will come into 
Egypt, and they will rule it. Egypt! Moreover, Egyptians will be prohibited from worshipping 
God. Furthermore, they will come into the ultimate punishment, especially whoever among them 
is found worshipping (and) honoring God. 

"And in that day, the country that was more pious than all countries will become impious. No 
longer will it be full of temples, but it will be full of tombs. Neither will it be full of gods, but (it 
will be full of) corpses. Egypt! Egypt will become like the fables. And your religious objects will be 
[...] the marvelous things, and [...], and if your words are stones and are wonderful. And the 
barbarian will be better than you, Egyptian, in his religion, whether (he is) a Scythian, or the 
Hindus, or some other of this sort. 

"And what is this that I say about the Egyptian? For they (the Egyptians) will not abandon Egypt. 
For (in) the time (when) the gods have abandoned the land of Egypt, and have fled upward to 
heaven, then all Egyptians will die. And Egypt will be made a desert by the gods and the 
Egyptians. And as for you, River, there will be a day when you will flow with blood more than 
water. And dead bodies will be (stacked) higher than the dams. And he who is dead will not be 
mourned as much as he who is alive. Indeed, the latter will be known as an Egyptian on account 
of his language in the second period (of time). - Asclepius, why are you weeping? - He will seem 
like (a) foreigner in regard to his customs. Divine Egypt will suffer evils greater than these. Egypt - 
lover of God, and the dwelling place of the gods, school of religion - will become an example of 
impiousness. 

"And in that day, the world will not be marveled at, [...] and immortality, nor will it be worshiped 
[...], since we say that it is not good [...]. It has become neither a single thing nor a vision. But it is 
in danger of becoming a burden to all men. Therefore, it will be despised - the beautiful world of 
God, the incomparable work, the energy that possesses goodness, the man-formed vision. 
Darkness will be preferred to light, and death will be preferred to life. No one will gaze into 



188 



heaven. And the pious man will be counted as insane, and the impious man will be honored as 
wise. The man who is afraid will be considered as strong. And the good man will be punished like 
a criminal. 

"And concerning the soul, and the things of the soul, and the things of immortality, along with the 
rest of what I have said to you, Tat, Asclepius, and Ammon - not only will they be considered 
ridiculous, but they will also be thought of as vanity. But believe me (when I say) that people of 
this kind will be endangered by the ultimate danger to their soul. And a new law will be 
established ... (2 lines missing) ... they will ... (line missing) ... good. The wicked angels will remain 
among men, (and) be with them, (and) lead them into wicked things recklessly, as well as into 
atheism, wars, and plunderings, by teaching them things contrary to nature. 

"In those days, the earth will not be stable, and men will not sail the sea, nor will they know the 
stars in heaven. Every sacred voice of the word of God will be silenced, and the air will be 
diseased. Such is the senility of the world: atheism, dishonor, and the disregard of noble words. 

"And when these things had happened, Asclepius, then the Lord, the Father and god from the 
only first god, the creator, when he looked upon the things that happened, established his design, 
which is good, against the disorder. He took away error, and cut off evil. Sometimes, he 
submerged it in a great flood; at other times, he burned it in a searing fire; and at still other times, 
he crushed it in wars and plagues, until he brought ... (4 lines missing) ... of the work. And this is 
the birth of the world. 

"The restoration of the nature of the pious ones who are good will take place in a period of time 
that never had a beginning. For the will of God has no beginning, even as his nature, which is his 
will (has no beginning). For the nature of God is will. And his will is the good." 

"Trismegistus, is purpose, then, (the same as) will?" 

"Yes, Asclepius, since will is (included) in counsel. For <he> (God) does not will what he has from 
deficiency. Since he is complete in every part, he wills what he (already) fully has. And he has 
every good. And what he wills, he wills. And he has the good that he wills. Therefore, he has 
everything. And God wills what he wills. And the good world is an image of the Good One." 

"Trismegistus, is the world good?" 

"Asclepius, it is good, as I shall teach you. For just as ... (2 lines missing) ... of soul and life [...] of the 
world [...] come forth in matter, those that are good, the change of the climate, and beauty, and the 
ripening of the fruits, and the things similar to all these. Because of this, God has control over the 
heights of heaven. He is in every place, and he looks out over every place. And (in) his place there 
is neither heaven nor star. And he is free from (the) body. 

"Now the creator has control in the place that is between the earth and heaven. He is called 'Zeus', 
that is, 'Life'. Plutonius Zeus is lord over the earth and sea. And he does not possess the 
nourishment for all mortal living creatures, for (it is) Kore who bears the fruit. These forces always 
are powerful in the circle of the earth, but those of others are always from Him-who-is. 

"And the lords of the earth will withdraw themselves. And they will establish themselves in a city 
that is in a corner of Egypt and that will be built toward the setting of the sun. Every man will go 
into it, whether they come on the sea or on the shore." 

"Trismegistus, where will these be settled now?" 

"Asclepius, in the great city that is on the Libyan mountain ... (2 lines missing) ... it frightens [...] as 
a great evil, in ignorance of the matter. For death occurs, which is the dissolution of the labors of 
the body, and the number (of the body), when it (death) completes the number of the body. For 
the number is the union of the body. Now the body dies when it is not able to support the man. 
And this is death: the dissolution of the body and the destruction of the sensation of the body. 
And it is not necessary to be afraid of this, nor because of this, but because of what is not known, 
and is disbelieved (is one afraid)." 

"But what is not known, or is disbelieved?" 

"Listen, Asclepius! There is a great demon. The great God has appointed him to be overseer or 
judge over the souls of men. And God has placed him in the middle of the air, between earth and 



189 



heaven. Now when the soul comes forth from (the) body, it is necessary that it meet this daimon. 
Immediately, he (the daimon) will surround this one (masc), and he will examine him in regard to 
the character that he has developed in his life. And if he finds that he piously performed all of his 
actions for which he came into the world, this (daimon) will allow him ... (1 line missing) ... turn 
him [...]. But if he sees [...] in this one [...] he brought his life into evil deeds, he grasps him, as he 
flees upward, and throws him down, so that he is suspended between heaven and earth, and is 
punished with a great punishment. And he will be deprived of his hope, and will be in great pain. 

"And that soul has been put neither on the earth nor in heaven, but it has come into the open sea 
of the air of the world, the place where there is a great fire, and crystal water, and furrows of fire, 
and a great upheaval. The bodies are tormented (in) various (ways). Sometimes they are cast 
down into the fire, in order that it may destroy them. Now, I will not say that this is the death of 
the soul, for it has been delivered from evil, but it is a death sentence. 

"Asclepius, it is necessary to believe these things and to fear them, in order that we might not 
encounter them. For unbelievers are impious, and commit sin. Afterwards, they will be compelled 
to believe, and they will not hear by word of mouth only, but will experience the reality itself. For 
they kept believing that they would not endure these things. Nor only ... (1 line missing). First, 
Asclepius, all those of the earth die, and those who are of the body cease [...] of evil [...] with these 
of this sort. For those who are here are not like those who are there. So with the daimons who [...] 
men, they despite [...] there. Thus, it is not the same. But truly, the gods who are here will punish 
more whoever has hidden it here every day." 

"Trismegistus, what is the character of the iniquity that is there?" 

"Now you think, Asclepius, that when one takes something in a temple, he is impious. For that 
kind of a person is a thief and a bandit. And this matter concerns gods and men. But do not 
compare those here with those of the other place. Now I want to speak this discourse to you 
confidentially; no part of it will be believed. For the souls that are filled with much evil will not 
come and go in the air, but they will be put in the places of the daimons, which are filled with 
pain, (and) which are always filled with blood and slaughter, and their food, which is weeping, 
mourning, and groaning." 

"Trismegistus, who are these (daimons)?" 

"Asclepius, they are the ones who are called 'stranglers', and those who roll souls down on the 
dirt, and those who scourge them, and those who cast into the water, and those who cast into the 
fire, and those who bring about the pains and calamities of men. For such as these are not from a 
divine soul, nor from a rational soul of man. Rather, they are from the terrible evil." 



1 9 □ 



The Paraphrase of Shem 

CODEX VII 
fragmentary, translation not provided here 



191 



The Second Treatise of the Great Seth 



CODEX VII 

Translated by Roger A. Bullard and Joseph A. Gibbons 

Selection made from James M. Robinson, ed., The Nag Hammadi Library, revised edition. HarperCollins, San Francisco, 1990. 

And the perfect Majesty is at rest in the ineffable light, in the truth of the mother of all these, and 
all of you that attain to me, to me alone who am perfect, because of the Word. For I exist with all 
the greatness of the Spirit, which is a friend to us and our kindred alike, since I brought forth a 
word to the glory of our Father, through his goodness, as well as an imperishable thought; that is, 
the Word within him - it is slavery that we shall die with Christ - and an imperishable and 
undefiled thought, an incomprehensible marvel, the writing of the ineffable water which is the 
word from us. It is I who am in you, and you are in me, just as the Father is in you in innocence. 

Let us gather an assembly together. Let us visit that creation of his. Let us send someone forth in it, 
just as he visited (the) Ennoias, the regions below. And I said these things to the whole multitude 
of the multitudinous assembly of the rejoicing Majesty. The whole house of the Father of Truth 
rejoiced that I am the one who is from them. I produced thought about the Ennoias which came 
out of the undefiled Spirit, about the descent upon the water, that is, the regions below. And they 
all had a single mind, since it is out of one. They charged me since I was willing. I came forth to 
reveal the glory to my kindred and my fellow spirits. 

For those who were in the world had been prepared by the will of our sister Sophia - she who is a 
whore - because of the innocence which has not been uttered. And she did not ask anything from 
the All, nor from the greatness of the Assembly, nor from the Pleroma. Since she was first, she 
came forth to prepare monads and places for the Son of Light and the fellow workers which she 
took from the elements below to build bodily dwellings from them. But, having come into being in 
an empty glory, they ended in destruction in the dwellings in which they were, since they were 
prepared by Sophia. They stand ready to receive the life-giving word of the ineffable Monad and 
of the greatness of the assembly of all those who persevere and those who are in me. 

I visited a bodily dwelling. I cast out the one who was in it first, and I went in. And the whole 
multitude of the archons became troubled. And all the matter of the archons, as well as all the 
begotten powers of the earth, were shaken when it saw the likeness of the Image, since it was 
mixed. And I am the one who was in it, not resembling him who was in it first. For he was an 
earthly man, but I, I am from above the heavens. I did not refuse them even to become a Christ, 
but I did not reveal myself to them in the love which was coming forth from me. I revealed that I 
am a stranger to the regions below. 

There was a great disturbance in the whole earthly area, with confusion and flight, as well as (in) 
the plan of the archons. And some were persuaded, when they saw the wonders which were 
being accomplished by me. And all these, with the race, that came down, flee from him who had 
fled from the throne to the Sophia of hope, since she had earlier given the sign concerning us and 
all the ones with me - those of the race of Adonaios. Others also fled, as if from the Cosmocrator 
and those with them, since they have brought every (kind of) punishment upon me. And there 
was a flight of their mind about what they would counsel concerning me, thinking that she 
(Sophia) is the whole greatness, and speaking false witness, moreover, against the Man and the 
whole greatness of the assembly. 

It was not possible for them to know who the Father of Truth, the Man of the Greatness, is. But 
they who received the name because of contact with ignorance - which (is) a burning and a vessel 
- having created it to destroy Adam, whom they had made, in order to cover up those who are 
theirs in the same way. But they, the archons, those of the place of Yaldabaoth, reveal the realm of 
the angels, which humanity was seeking in order that they may not know the Man of Truth. For 
Adam, whom they had formed, appeared to them. And a fearful motion came about throughout 



1 92 



their entire dwelling, lest the angels surrounding them rebel. For without those who were offering 
praise - 1 did not really die lest their archangel become empty. 

And then a voice - of the Cosmocrator - came to the angels: "I am God and there is no other beside 
me." But I laughed joyfully when I examined his empty glory. But he went on to say, "Who is 
man?" And the entire host of his angels, who had seen Adam and his dwelling, were laughing at 
his smallness. And thus did their Ennoia come to be removed outside the Majesty of the heavens, 
i.e.,the Man of Truth, whose name they saw since he is in a small dwelling place, since they are 
small (and) senseless in their empty Ennoia, namely their laughter. It was contagion for them. 

The whole greatness of the Fatherhood of the Spirit was at rest in his places. And I am he who was 
with him, since I have an Ennoia of a single emanation from the eternal ones and the undefiled 
and immeasurable incomprehensibilities. I placed the small Ennoia in the world, having disturbed 
them and frightened the whole multitude of the angels and their ruler. And I was visiting them all 
with fire and flame because of my Ennoia. And everything pertaining to them was brought about 
because of me. And there came about a disturbance and a fight around the Seraphim and 
Cherubim, since their glory will fade, and the confusion around Adonaios on both sides and their 
dwelling - to the Cosmocrator and him who said, "Let us seize him"; others again, "The plan will 
certainly not materialize." 

For Adonaios knows me because of hope. And I was in the mouths of lions. And the plan which 
they devised about me to release their Error and their senselessness - 1 did not succumb to them as 
they had planned. But I was not afflicted at all. Those who were there punished me. And I did not 
die in reality but in appearance, lest I be put to shame by them because these are my kinsfolk. I 
removed the shame from me and I did not become fainthearted in the face of what happened to 
me at their hands. I was about to succumb to fear, and I <suffered> according to their sight and 
thought, in order that they may never find any word to speak about them. For my death, which 
they think happened, (happened) to them in their error and blindness, since they nailed their man 
unto their death. For their Ennoias did not see me, for they were deaf and blind. But in doing these 
things, they condemn themselves. Yes, they saw me; they punished me. It was another, their 
father, who drank the gall and the vinegar; it was not I. They struck me with the reed; it was 
another, Simon, who bore the cross on his shoulder. I was another upon Whom they placed the 
crown of thorns. But I was rejoicing in the height over all the wealth of the archons and the 
offspring of their error, of their empty glory. And I was laughing at their ignorance. 

And I subjected all their powers. For as I came downward, no one saw me. For I was altering my 
shapes, changing from form to form. And therefore, when I was at their gates, I assumed their 
likeness. For I passed them by quietly, and I was viewing the places, and I was not afraid nor 
ashamed, for I was undefiled. And I was speaking with them, mingling with them through those 
who are mine, and trampling on those who are harsh to them with zeal, and quenching the flame. 
And I was doing all these things because of my desire to accomplish what I desired by the will of 
the Father above. 

And the Son of the Majesty, who was hidden in the regions below, we brought to the height where 
I <was> in all these aeons with them, which (height) no one has seen nor known, where the 
wedding of the wedding robe is, the new one and not the old, nor does it perish. For it is a new 
and perfect bridal chamber of the heavens, as I have revealed (that) there are three ways: an 
undefiled mystery in a spirit of this aeon, which does not perish, nor is it fragmentary, nor able to 
be spoken of; rather, it is undivided, universal, and permanent. For the soul, the one from the 
height, will not speak about the error which is here, nor transfer from these aeons, since it will be 
transferred when it becomes free and when it is endowed with nobility in the world, standing 
before the Father without weariness and fear, always mixed with the Nous of power (and) of 
form. They will see me from every side without hatred. For since they see me, they are being seen 
(and) are mixed with them. Since they did not put me to shame, they were not put to shame. Since 
they were not afraid before me, they will pass by every gate without fear and will be perfected in 
the third glory. 



193 



It was my going to the revealed height which the world did not accept, my third baptism in a 
revealed image. When they had fled from the fire of the seven Authorities, and the sun of the 
powers of the archons set, darkness took them. And the world became poor when he was 
restrained with a multitude of fetters. They nailed him to the tree, and they fixed him with four 
nails of brass. The veil of his temple he tore with his hands. It was a trembling which seized the 
chaos of the earth, for the souls which were in the sleep below were released. And they arose. 
They went about boldly, having shed zealous service of ignorance and unlearnedness beside the 
dead tombs, having put on the new man, since they have come to know that perfect Blessed One 
of the eternal and incomprehensible Father and the infinite light, which is I, since I came to my 
own and united them with myself. There is no need for many words, for our Ennoia was with 
their Ennoia. Therefore they knew what I speak of, for we took counsel about the destruction of 
the archons. And therefore I did the will of the Father, who is I. 

After we went forth from our home, and came down to this world, and came into being in the 
world in bodies, we were hated and persecuted, not only by those who are ignorant, but also by 
those who think that they are advancing the name of Christ, since they were unknowingly empty, 
not knowing who they are, like dumb animals. They persecuted those who have been liberated by 
me, since they hate them - those who, should they shut their mouth, would weep with a profitless 
groaning because they did not fully know me. Instead, they served two masters, even a multitude. 
But you will become victorious in everything, in war and battles, jealous division and wrath. But 
in the uprightness of our love we are innocent, pure, (and) good, since we have a mind of the 
Father in an ineffable mystery. 

For it was ludicrous. It is I who bear witness that it was ludicrous, since the archons do not know 
that it is an ineffable union of undefiled truth, as exists among the sons of light, of which they 
made an imitation, having proclaimed a doctrine of a dead man and lies so as to resemble the 
freedom and purity of the perfect assembly, (and) <joining> themselves with their doctrine to fear 
and slavery, worldly cares, and abandoned worship, being small (and) ignorant, since they do not 
contain the nobility of the truth, for they hate the one in whom they are, and love the one in whom 
they are not. For they did not know the Knowledge of the Greatness, that it is from above and 
(from) a fountain of truth, and that it is not from slavery and jealousy, fear and love of worldly 
matter. For that which is not theirs and that which is theirs they use fearlessly and freely. They do 
not desire, because they have authority, and a law from themselves over whatever they will wish. 

But those who have not are poor, that is, those who do not possess him. And they desire him and 
lead astray those, who through them have become like those who possess the truth of their 
freedom, just as they bought us for servitude and constraint of care and fear. This person is in 
slavery. And he who is brought by constraint of force and threat has been guarded by God. But 
the entire nobility of the Fatherhood is not guarded, since he guards only him who is from him, 
without word and constraint, since he is united with his will, he who belongs only to the Ennoia 
of the Fatherhood, to make it Perfect and ineffable through the living water, to be with you 
mutually in wisdom, not only in word of hearing but in deed and fulfilled word. For the perfect 
ones are worthy to be established in this way and to be united with me, in order that they may not 
share in any enmity, in a good friendship. I accomplish everything through the Good One, for this 
is the union of the truth, that they should have no adversary. But everyone who brings division - 
and he will learn no wisdom at all because he brings division and is not a friend - is hostile to 
them all. But he who lives in harmony and friendship of brotherly love, naturally and not 
artificially, completely and not partially, this person is truly the desire of the Father. He is the 
universal one and perfect love. 

For Adam was a laughingstock, since he was made a counterfeit type of man by the Hebdomad, as 
if he had become stronger than I and my brothers. We are innocent with respect to him, since we 
have not sinned. And Abraham and Isaac and Jacob were a laughingstock, since they, the 
counterfeit fathers, were given a name by the Hebdomad, as if he had become stronger than I and 
my brothers. We are innocent with respect to him, since we have not sinned. David was a 
laughingstock in that his son was named the Son of Man, having been influenced by the 
Hebdomad, as if he had become stronger than I and the fellow members of my race. But we are 



194 



innocent with respect to him; we have not sinned. Solomon was a laughingstock, since he thought 
that he was Christ, having become vain through the Hebdomad, as if he had become stronger than 
I and my brothers. But we are innocent with respect to him. I have not sinned. The 12 prophets 
were laughingstocks, since they have come forth as imitations of the true prophets. They came into 
being as counterfeits through the Hebdomad, as if he had become stronger than I and my 
brothers. But we are innocent with respect to him, since we have not sinned. Moses, a faithful 
servant, was a laughingstock, having been named "the Friend," since they perversely bore witness 
concerning him who never knew me. Neither he nor those before him, from Adam to Moses and 
John the Baptist, none of them knew me nor my brothers. 

For they had a doctrine of angels to observe dietary laws and bitter slavery, since they never knew 
truth, nor will they know it. For there is a great deception upon their soul, making it impossible 
for them ever to find a Nous of freedom in order to know him, until they come to know the Son of 
Man. Now concerning my Father, I am he whom the world did not know, and because of this, it 
(the world) rose up against me and my brothers. But we are innocent with respect to him; we have 
not sinned. 

For the Archon was a laughingstock because he said, "I am God, and there is none greater than 1. 1 
alone am the Father, the Lord, and there is no other beside me. I am a jealous God, who brings the 
sins of the fathers upon the children for three and four generations." As if he had become stronger 
than I and my brothers! But we are innocent with respect to him, in that we have not sinned, since 
we mastered his teaching. Thus he was in an empty glory. And he does not agree with our Father. 
And thus through our fellowship we grasped his teaching, since he was vain in an empty glory. 
And he does not agree with our Father, for he was a laughingstock and judgment and false 
prophecy. 

0 those who do not see, you do not see your blindness, i.e., this which was not known, nor has it 
ever been known, nor has it been known about him. They did not listen to firm obedience. 
Therefore they proceeded in a judgment of error, and they raised their defiled and murderous 
hands against him, as if they were beating the air. And the senseless and blind ones are always 
senseless, always being slaves of law and earthly fear. 

1 am Christ, the Son of Man, the one from you who is among you. I am despised for your sake, in 
order that you yourselves may forget the difference. And do not become female, lest you give 
birth to evil and (its) brothers: jealousy and division, anger and wrath, fear and a divided heart, 
and empty, non-existent desire. But I am an ineffable mystery to you. 

Then before the foundation of the world, when the whole multitude of the Assembly came 
together upon the places of the Ogdoad, when they had taken counsel about a spiritual wedding 
which is in union, and thus he was perfected in the ineffable places by a living word, the 
undefiled wedding was consummated through the Mesotes of Jesus, who inhabits them all and 
possesses them, who abides in an undivided love of power. And surrounding him, he appears to 
him as a Monad of all these, a thought and a father, since he is one. And he stands by them all, 
since he as a whole came forth alone. And he is life, since he came from the Father of ineffable and 
perfect Truth, (the father) of those who are there, the union of Peace and a friend of good things, 
and life eternal and undefiled joy, in a great harmony of life and faith, through eternal life of 
fatherhood and motherhood and sisterhood and rational wisdom. They had agreed with Nous, 
who stretches out (and) will stretch out in joyful union and is trustworthy and faithfully listens to 
someone. And he is in fatherhood and motherhood and rational brotherhood and wisdom. And 
this is a wedding of truth, and a repose of incorruption, in a spirit of truth, in every mind, and a 
perfect light in an unnameable mystery. But this is not, nor will it happen among us in any region 
or place in division and breach of peace, but (in) union and a mixture of love, all of which are 
perfected in the one who is. 

It also happened in the places under heaven for their reconciliation. Those who knew me in 
salvation and undividedness, and those who existed for the glory of the father and the truth, 
having been separated, blended into the one through the living word. And I am in the spirit and 
the truth of the motherhood, just as he has been there; I was among those who are united in the 



1 95 



friendship of friends forever, who neither know hostility at all, nor evil, but who are united by my 
Knowledge in word and peace which exists in perfection with everyone and in them all. And 
those who assumed the form of my type will assume the form of my word. Indeed, these will 
come forth in light forever, and (in) friendship with each other in the spirit, since they have known 
in every respect (and) indivisibly that what is, is One. And all of these are one. And thus they will 
learn about the One, as (did) the Assembly and those dwelling in it. For the father of all these 
exists, being immeasurable (and) immutable: Nous and Word and Division and Envy and Fire. 
And he is entirely one, being the All with them all in a single doctrine, because all these are from a 
single spirit. O unseeing ones, why did you not know the mystery rightly? 

But the archons around Yaldabaoth were disobedient because of the Ennoia who went down to 
him from her sister Sophia. They made for themselves a union with those who were with them in 
a mixture of a fiery cloud, which was their Envy, and the rest who were brought forth by their 
creatures, as if they had bruised the noble pleasure of the Assembly. And therefore they revealed a 
mixture of ignorance in a counterfeit of fire and earth and a murderer, since they are small and 
untaught, without knowledge having dared these things, and not having understood that light 
has fellowship with light, and darkness with darkness, and the corruptible with the perishable, 
and the imperishable with the incorruptible. 

Now these things I have presented to you - I am Jesus Christ, the Son of Man, who is exalted 
above the heavens - O perfect and incorruptible ones, because of the incorruptible and perfect 
mystery and the ineffable one. But they think that we decreed them before the foundation of the 
world, in order that, when we emerge from the places of the world, we may present there the 
symbols of incorruption from the spiritual union unto knowledge. You do not know it, because 
the fleshly cloud overshadows you. But I alone am the friend of Sophia. I have been in the bosom 
of the father from the beginning, in the place of the sons of the truth, and the Greatness. Rest then 
with me, my fellow spirits and my brothers, forever. 



Second Treatise of the Great Seth 



The Apocalypse of Peter 



CODEX VII 

Translated by James Brashler and Roger A. Bullard 

Selection made from James M. Robinson, ed., The Nag Hammadi Library, revised edition. HarperCollins, San Francisco, 1990. 

As the Savior was sitting in the temple in the three hundredth (year) of the covenant and the 
agreement of the tenth pillar, and being satisfied with the number of the living, incorruptible 
Majesty, he said to me, "Peter, blessed are those above belonging to the Father, who revealed life 
to those who are from the life, through me, since I reminded they who are built on what is strong, 
that they may hear my word, and distinguish words of unrighteousness and transgression of law 
from righteousness, as being from the height of every word of this Pleroma of truth, having been 
enlightened in good pleasure by him whom the principalities sought. But they did not find him, 
nor was he mentioned among any generation of the prophets. He has now appeared among these, 
in him who appeared, who is the Son of Man, who is exalted above the heavens in a fear of men of 
like essence. But you yourself, Peter, become perfect in accordance with your name with myself, 
the one who chose you, because from you I have established a base for the remnant whom I have 
summoned to knowledge. Therefore be strong until the imitation of righteousness - of him who 
had summoned you, having summoned you to know him in a way which is worth doing because 
of the rejection which happened to him, and the sinews of his hands and his feet, and the 
crowning by those of the middle region, and the body of his radiance which they bring in hope of 
service because of a reward of honor - as he was about to reprove you three times in this night." 

And as he was saying these things, I saw the priests and the people running up to us with stones, 
as if they would kill us; and I was afraid that we were going to die. 

And he said to me, "Peter, I have told you many times that they are blind ones who have no guide. 
If you want to know their blindness, put your hands upon (your) eyes - your robe - and say what 
you see." 

But when I had done it, I did not see anything. I said "No one sees (this way)." 
Again he told me, "Do it again." 

And there came in me fear with joy, for I saw a new light greater than the light of day. Then it 
came down upon the Savior. And I told him about those things which I saw. 

And he said to me again, "Lift up your hands and listen to what the priests and the people are 
saying." 

And I listened to the priests as they sat with the scribes. The multitudes were shouting with their 
voice. 

When he heard these things from me he said to me, "Prick up your ears and listen to the things 
they are saying." 

And I listened again, "As you sit, they are praising you". 

And when I said these things, the Savior said, "I have told you that these (people) are blind and 
deaf. Now then, listen to the things which they are telling you in a mystery, and guard them, Do 
not tell them to the sons of this age. For they shall blaspheme you in these ages since they are 
ignorant of you, but they will praise you in knowledge." 

"For many will accept our teaching in the beginning. And they will turn from them again by the 
will of the Father of their error, because they have done what he wanted. And he will reveal them 
in his judgment, i.e., the servants of the Word. But those who became mingled with these shall 
become their prisoners, since they are without perception. And the guileless, good, pure one they 
push to the worker of death, and to the kingdom of those who praise Christ in a restoration. And 
they praise the men of the propagation of falsehood, those who will come after you. And they will 
cleave to the name of a dead man, thinking that they will become pure. But they will become 



137 



greatly defiled and they will fall into a name of error, and into the hand of an evil, cunning man 
and a manifold dogma, and they will be ruled without law." 

"For some of them will blaspheme the truth and proclaim evil teaching. And they will say evil 
things against each other. Some will be named: (those) who stand in (the) strength of the archons, 
of a man and a naked woman who is manifold and subject to much suffering. And those who say 
these things will ask about dreams. And if they say that a dream came from a demon worthy of 
their error, then they shall be given perdition instead of incorruption." 

"For evil cannot produce good fruit. For the place from which each of them is produces that which 
is like itself; for not every soul is of the truth, nor of immortality. For every soul of these ages has 
death assigned to it in our view, because it is always a slave, since it is created for its desires and 
their eternal destruction, in which they are and from which they are. They love the creatures of the 
matter which came forth with them." 

"But the immortal souls are not like these, O Peter. But indeed, as long as the hour is not yet come, 
it (the immortal soul) shall resemble a mortal one. But it shall not reveal its nature, that it alone is 
the immortal one, and thinks about immortality, having faith, and desiring to renounce these 
things." 

"For people do not gather figs from thorns or from thorn trees, if they are wise, nor grapes from 
thistles. For, on the one hand, that which is always becoming is in that from which it is, being 
from what is not good, which becomes destruction for it and death. But that which comes to be in 
the Eternal One is in the One of the life and the immortality of the life which they resemble." 

"Therefore all that which exists not will dissolve into what exists not. For deaf and blind ones join 
only with their own kind." 

"But others shall change from evil words and misleading mysteries. Some who do not understand 
mystery speak of things which they do not understand, but they will boast that the mystery of the 
truth is theirs alone. And in haughtiness they shall grasp at pride, to envy the immortal soul 
which has become a pledge. For every authority, rule, and power of the aeons wishes to be with 
these in the creation of the world, in order that those who are not, having been forgotten by those 
that are, may praise them, though they have not been saved, nor have they been brought to the 
Way by them, always wishing that they may become imperishable ones. For if the immortal soul 
receives power in an intellectual spirit -. But immediately they join with one of those who misled 
them." 

"But many others, who oppose the truth and are the messengers of error, will set up their error 
and their law against these pure thoughts of mine, as looking out from one (perspective) thinking 
that good and evil are from one (source). They do business in my word. And they will propagate 
harsh fate. The race of immortal souls will go in it in vain, until my Parousia. For they shall come 
out of them - and my forgiveness of their transgressions, into which they fell through their 
adversaries, whose ransom I got from the slavery in which they were, to give them freedom that 
they may create an imitation remnant in the name of a dead man, who is Hermas, of the first-born 
of unrighteousness, in order that the light which exists may not believed by the little ones. But 
those of this sort are the workers who will be cast into the outer darkness, away from the sons of 
light. For neither will they enter, nor do they permit those who are going up to their approval for 
their release." 

"And still others of them who suffer think that they will perfect the wisdom of the brotherhood 
which really exists, which is the spiritual fellowship of those united in communion, through 
which the wedding of incorruptibility shall be revealed. The kindred race of the sisterhood will 
appear as an imitation. These are the ones who oppress their brothers, saying to them, "Through 
this our God has pity, since salvation comes to us through this," not knowing the punishment of 
those who are made glad by those who have done this thing to the little ones whom they saw, 
(and) whom they took prisoner." 

"And there shall be others of those who are outside our number who name themselves bishop and 
also deacons, as if they have received their authority from God. They bend themselves under the 
judgment of the leaders. Those people are dry canals." 



198 



But I said " I am afraid because of what you have told me, that indeed little (ones) are, in our view, 
the counterfeit ones, indeed, that there are multitudes that will mislead other multitudes of living 
ones, and destroy them among themselves. And when they speak your name they will be 
believed." 

The Savior said, "For a time determined for them in proportion to their error they will rule over 
the little ones. And after the completion of the error, the never-aging one of the immortal 
understanding shall become young, and they (the little ones) shall rule over those who are their 
rulers. The root of their error he shall pluck out, and he shall put it to shame so that it shall be 
manifest in all the impudence which it has assumed to itself. And such ones shall become 
unchangeable, O Peter." 

"Come therefore, let us go on with the completion of the will of the incorruptible Father. For 
behold, those who will bring them judgment are coming, and they will put them to shame. But me 
they cannot touch. And you, O Peter, shall stand in their midst. Do not be afraid because of your 
cowardice. Their minds shall be closed, for the invisible one has opposed them." 

When he had said those things, I saw him seemingly being seized by them. And I said "What do I 
see, O Lord? That it is you yourself whom they take, and that you are grasping me? Or who is this 
one, glad and laughing on the tree? And is it another one whose feet and hands they are striking?" 

The Savior said to me, "He whom you saw on the tree, glad and laughing, this is the living Jesus. 
But this one into whose hands and feet they drive the nails is his fleshly part, which is the 
substitute being put to shame, the one who came into being in his likeness. But look at him and 
me." 

But I, when I had looked, said "Lord, no one is looking at you. Let us flee this place." 

But he said to me, "I have told you, 'Leave the blind alone!'. And you, see how they do not know 
what they are saying. For the son of their glory instead of my servant, they have put to shame." 

And I saw someone about to approach us resembling him, even him who was laughing on the 
tree. And he was <filled> with a Holy Spirit, and he is the Savior. And there was a great, ineffable 
light around them, and the multitude of ineffable and invisible angels blessing them. And when I 
looked at him, the one who gives praise was revealed. 

And he said to me, "Be strong, for you are the one to whom these mysteries have been given, to 
know them through revelation, that he whom they crucified is the first-born, and the home of 
demons, and the stony vessel in which they dwell, of Elohim, of the cross, which is under the Law. 
But he who stands near him is the living Savior, the first in him, whom they seized and released, 
who stands joyfully looking at those who did him violence, while they are divided among 
themselves. Therefore he laughs at their lack of perception, knowing that they are born blind. So 
then the one susceptible to suffering shall come, since the body is the substitute. But what they 
released was my incorporeal body. But I am the intellectual Spirit filled with radiant light. He 
whom you saw coming to me is our intellectual Pleroma, which unites the perfect light with my 
Holy Spirit." 

"These things, then, which you saw you shall present to those of another race who are not of this 
age. For there will be no honor in any man who is not immortal, but only (in) those who were 
chosen from an immortal substance, which has shown that it is able to contain him who gives his 
abundance. Therefore I said, 'Every one who has, it will be given to him, and he will have plenty.' 
But he who does not have, that is, the man of this place, who is completely dead, who is removed 
from the planting of the creation of what is begotten, whom, if one of the immortal essence 
appears, they think that they possess him - it will be taken from him and be added to the one who 
is. You, therefore, be courageous and do not fear at all. For I shall be with you in order that none of 
your enemies may prevail unto you. Peace be to you, Be strong!" 

When he (Jesus) had said these things, he (Peter) came to himself. 

Apocalypse of Peter 



199 



The Teachings of Silvanus 



CODEX VII 

Translated by Malcolm L. Peel and Jan Zandee 

Selection made from James M. Robinson, ed., The Nag Hammadi Library, revised edition. HarperCollins, San Francisco, 1990. 

Abolish every childish time of life, acquire for yourself strength of mind and soul, and intensify 
the struggle against every folly of the passions of love and base wickedness, and love of praise, 
and fondness of contention, and tiresome jealousy and wrath, and anger and the desire of avarice. 
Guard your (pi.) camp and weapons and spears. Arm yourself and all the soldiers, which are the 
words, and the commanders, which are the counsels, and your mind as a guiding principle. 

My son, throw every robber out of your gates. Guard all your gates with torches, which are the 
words, and you will acquire through all these things a quiet life. But he who will not guard these 
things will become like a city which is desolate, since it has been captured. All kinds of wild beasts 
have trampled upon it, for thoughts which are not good are evil wild beasts. And your city will be 
filled with robbers, and you will not be able to acquire peace, but only all kinds of savage wild 
beasts. The Wicked One, who is a tyrant, is lord over these. While directing this, he (the Wicked 
One) is beneath the great mire. The whole city, which is your soul, will perish. 

Remove yourself from these things, O wretched soul! Bring your guide and your teacher. The 
mind is the guide, but reason is the teacher. They will bring you out of destruction and dangers. 

Listen, my son, to my advice! Do not show your back to enemies and flee, but rather, pursue them 
as a strong one. Be not an animal, with men pursuing you; but rather, be a man, with you 
pursuing the evil wild beasts, lest somehow they become victorious over you and trample upon 
you as on a dead man, and you perish due to their wickedness. 

Oh wretched man, what will you do if you fall into their hands? Protect yourself, lest you be 
delivered into the hands of your enemies. Entrust yourself to this pair of friends, reason and mind, 
and no one will be victorious over you. May God dwell in your camp, may his Spirit protect your 
gates, and may the mind of Divinity protect the walls. Let holy reason become a torch in your 
mind, burning the wood which is the whole of sin. 

And if you do these things, O my son, you will be victorious over all your enemies, and they will 
not be able to wage war against you, neither will they be able to resist, nor will they be able to get 
in your way. For if you find these, you will despise them as deniers of truth. They will speak to 
you, cajoling you and enticing (you), not because they are afraid of you, but because they are 
afraid of those who dwell within you, namely, the guardians of the divinity and the teaching. 

My son, accept the education and the teaching. Do not flee from the education and the teaching, 
but when you are taught, accept (it) with joy. And if you are educated in any matter, do what is 
good. You will plait a crown of education by your guiding principle. Put on the holy teaching like 
a robe. Make yourself noble-minded through good conduct. Obtain the austerity of good 
discipline. Judge yourself like a wise judge. Do not go astray from my teaching, and do not acquire 
ignorance, lest you lead your people astray. Do not flee from the divine and the teaching which 
are within you, for he who is teaching you loves you very much. For he shall bequeath to you a 
worthy austerity. Cast out the animal nature which is within you, and do not allow base thought 
to enter you. For ... you know the way which I teach. 

If it is good to rule over the few, as you see it, how much better it is that you rule over everyone, 
since you are exalted above every congregation and every people, (are) prominent in every 
respect, and (are) a divine reason, having become master over every power which kills the soul. 

My son, does anyone want to be a slave? Why, then, do you trouble yourself wrongly? 

My son, do not fear anyone except God alone, the Exalted One. Cast the deceitfulness of the Devil 
from you. Accept the light for your eyes, and cast the darkness from you. Live in Christ, and you 



BOD 



will acquire a treasure in heaven. Do not become a sausage (made) of many things which are 
useless, and do not become a guide in your blind ignorance. 

My son, listen to my teaching, which is good and useful, and end the sleep which weighs heavily 
upon you. Depart from the forgetfulness which fills you with darkness, since if you were unable to 
do anything, I would not have said these things to you. But Christ has come in order to give you 
this gift. Why do you pursue the darkness when the light is at your disposal? Why do you drink 
stale water, though sweet wine is available for you? Wisdom summons you, yet you desire folly. 
Not by your own desire do you do these things, but it is the animal nature within you that does 
them. 

Wisdom summons you in her goodness, saying, "Come to Me, all of you, O foolish ones, that you 
may receive a gift, the understanding which is good and excellent. I am giving to you a high- 
priestly garment which is woven from every (kind of) wisdom." What else is evil death except 
ignorance? What else is evil darkness except familiarity with forgetfulness? Cast your anxiety 
upon God alone. Do not become desirous of gold and silver, which are profitless, but clothe 
yourself with wisdom like a robe; put knowledge on yourself like a crown, and be seated upon a 
throne of perception. For these are yours, and you will receive them again on high another time. 

For a foolish man usually puts on folly like a robe, and like a garment of sorrow, he puts on 
shame. And he crowns himself with ignorance, and takes his seat upon a throne of nescience. For 
while he is without reason, he leads only himself astray, for he is guided by ignorance. And he 
goes the ways of the desire of every passion. He swims in the desires of life and has sunk. To be 
sure, he thinks that he finds profit when he does all the things which are without profit. The 
wretched man who goes through all these things will die, because he does not have the mind, the 
helmsman. But he is like a ship which the wind tosses to and fro, and like a loose horse which has 
no rider. For this (man) needed the rider, which is reason. For the wretched one went astray 
because he did not want advice. He was thrown to and fro by these three misfortunes: he acquired 
death as a father, ignorance as a mother, and evil counsels - he acquired them as friends and 
brothers. Therefore, foolish one, you should mourn for yourself. 

From now on, then, my son, return to your divine nature. Cast from you these evil, deceiving 
friends! Accept Christ, this true friend, as a good teacher. Cast from you death, which has become 
a father to you. For death did not exist, nor will it exist at the end. 

But since you cast from yourself God, the holy Father, the true Life, the Spring of Life, therefore 
you have obtained death as a father and have acquired ignorance as a mother. They have robbed 
you of the true knowledge. 

But return, my son, to your first father, God, and Wisdom, your Mother, from whom you came 
into being from the very first in order that you might fight against all of your enemies, the Powers 
of the Adversary. 

Listen, my son, to my advice. Do not be arrogant in opposition to every good opinion, but take for 
yourself the side of the divinity of reason. Keep the holy commandments of Jesus Christ, and you 
will reign over every place on earth, and will be honored by the angels and archangels. Then you 
will acquire them as friends and fellow servants, and you will acquire places in heaven above. 

Do not bring grief and trouble to the divine which is within you. But when you will care for it, will 
request of it that you remain pure, and will become self-controlled in your soul and body, you will 
become a throne of wisdom, and one belonging to God's household. He will give you a great light 
through it (wisdom). 

But before everything (else), know your birth. Know yourself, that is, from what substance you 
are, or from what race, or from what species. Understand that you have come into being from 
three races: from the earth, from the formed, and from the created. The body has come into being 
from the earth with an earthly substance, but the formed, for the sake of the soul, has come into 
being from the thought of the Divine. The created, however, is the mind, which has come into 
being in conformity with the image of God. The divine mind has substance from the Divine, but 
the soul is that which he (God) formed for their own hearts. For I think that it (the soul) exists as 



EDI 



wife of that which has come into being in conformity with the image, but matter is the substance 
of the body, which has come into being from the earth. 

If you mix yourself, you will acquire the three parts as you fall from virtue into inferiority. Live 
according to the Mind. Do not think about things pertaining to the flesh. Acquire strength, for the 
mind is strong. If you fall from this other, you have become male-female. And if you cast out of 
yourself the substance of the mind, which is thought, you have cut off the male part, and turned 
yourself to the female part alone. You have become psychic, since you have received the substance 
of the formed. If you cast out the smallest part of this, so that you do not acquire again a human 
part - but you have accepted for yourself the animal thought and likeness - you have become 
fleshly, since you have taken on animal nature. For (if) it is difficult to find a psychical man, how 
much more so to find the Lord? 

But I say that God is the spiritual one. Man has taken shape from the substance of God. The divine 
soul shares partly in this one; furthermore, it shares partly in the flesh. The base soul is wont to 
turn from side to side, [...] which it images the truth. 

It is good for you, O man, to turn yourself toward the human, rather than toward the animal 
nature - 1 mean toward the fleshly. You will take on the likeness of the part toward which you will 
turn yourself. 

I shall say something further to you. Again, for what will you (masc. sg.) be zealous? Did you 
(fern, sg.) wish to become animal when you had come into this kind of nature? But rather, share in 
a true nature of life. To be sure, animality will guide you into the race of the earth, but the rational 
nature will guide you in rational ways. Turn toward the rational nature, and cast from yourself the 
earth-begotten nature. 

O soul, persistent one, be sober and shake off your drunkenness, which is the work of ignorance. If 
you persist and live in the body, you dwell in rusticity. When you entered into a bodily birth, you 
were begotten. Come into being inside the bridal chamber! Be illuminated in mind! 

My son, do not swim in any water, and do not allow yourself to be defiled by strange kinds of 
knowledge. Certainly you know that the schemes of the Adversary are not few, and (that) the 
tricks which he has are varied? Especially has the noetic man been robbed of the intelligence of the 
snake. For it is fitting for you to be in agreement with the intelligence of (these) two: with the 
intelligence of the snake and with the innocence of the dove - lest he (the Adversary) come into 
you in the guise of a flatterer, as a true friend, saying, "I advise good things for you." 

But you did not recognize the deceitfulness of this one when you received him as a true friend. For 
he casts into your heart evil thoughts as good ones, and hypocrisy in the guise of true wisdom, 
avidity in the guise of conservative frugality, love of glory in the guise of that which is beautiful, 
boastfulness and pride in the guise of great austerity, and godlessness as great godliness. For he 
who says, "I have many gods," is godless. And he casts spurious knowledge into your heart in the 
guise of mysterious words. Who will be able to comprehend his thoughts and devices, which are 
varied, since he is a Great Mind for those who wish to accept him as king? 

My son, how will you be able to comprehend the schemes of this one, or his soul-killing counsel? 
For his devices, and the schemes of his wickedness, are many. And think about his entrances, that 
is, how he will enter your soul, and in what garment he will enter you. 

Accept Christ, who is able to set you free, and who has taken on the devices of that one, so that 
through these he might destroy him by deceit. For this is the king whom you have who is forever 
invincible, against whom no one will be able to fight nor say a word. This is your king and your 
father, for there is no one like him. The divine teacher is with you always. He is a helper, and he 
meets you because of the good which is in you. 

Do not put maliciousness in your judgment, for every malicious man harms his heart. For only a 
foolish man is wont to his destruction, but a wise man knows his way. 

And a foolish man does not guard against speaking (a) mystery: A wise man (however) does not 
blurt out every word, but he will be discriminating toward those who hear. Do not mention 
everything in the presence of those whom you do not know. 



BOB 



Have a great number of friends, but not counselors. First, examine your counselor, for do not 
honor anyone who flatters. Their word, to be sure, is sweet as honey, but their heart is full of 
hellebore. For whenever they think that they have become a reliable friend, then they will 
deceitfully turn against you, and they will cast you down into the mire. 

Do not trust anyone as a friend, for this whole world has come into being deceitfully, and every 
man is troubled in vain. All things of the world are not profitable, but they happen in vain. There 
is no one, not even a brother (who is trustworthy), since each one is seeking his own advantage. 

My son, do not have anyone as a friend, but if you do acquire one, do not entrust yourself to him. 
Entrust yourself to God alone as father and as friend. For everyone proceeds deceitfully, while the 
whole earth is full of suffering and pain - things in which there is no profit. If you wish to pass 
your life in quiet, do not keep company with anyone. And if you do keep company with them, be 
as if you do not. Be pleasing to God, and you will not need anyone. 

Live with Christ and he will save you. For he is the true light and the sun of life. For just as the sun 
which is visible and makes light for the eyes of the flesh, so Christ illuminates every mind and the 
heart. For (if) a wicked man (who is) in the body (has) an evil death, how much more so (does) he 
who has his mind blind. For every blind man goes along in such a way that he is seen just as one 
who does not have his mind sane. He does not delight in acquiring the light of Christ, which is 
reason. 

For everything which is visible is a copy of that which is hidden. For as a fire which burns in a 
place without being confined to it, so it is with the sun which is in the sky, all of whose rays 
extend to places on the earth. Similarly, Christ has a single being, and he gives light to every place. 
This is also the way in which he speaks of our mind, as if it were a lamp which burns and lights 
up the place. (Being) in a part of the soul, it gives light to all the parts. 

Furthermore, I shall speak of what is more exalted than this: the mind, with respect to actual 
being, is in a place, which means it is in the body; but with respect to thought, the mind is not in a 
place. For how can it be in a place, when it contemplates every place? 

But we are able to mention what is more exalted than this: for do not think in your heart that God 
exists in a place. If you localize the Lord of all in a place, then it is fitting for you to say that the 
place is more exalted than he who dwells in it. For that which contains is more exalted than that 
which is contained. For there is no place which is called incorporeal. For it is not right for us to say 
that God is corporeal. For the consequence (would be) that we (must) attribute both increase and 
decrease to the corporeal, but also that he (God) who is subject to these will not remain 
imperishable. 

Now, it is not difficult to know the Creator of all creatures, but it is impossible to comprehend the 
likeness of this One. For it is difficult not only for men to comprehend God, but it is (also) difficult 
for every divine being, (both) the angels and the archangels. It is necessary to know God as he is. 
You cannot know God through anyone except Christ, who has the image of the Father, for this 
image reveals the true likeness in correspondence to that which is revealed. A king is not usually 
known apart from an image. 

Consider these things about God: he is in every place; on the other hand, he is in no place. With 
respect to power, to be sure, he is in every place; but with respect to divinity, he is in no place. So 
then, it is possible to know God a little. With respect to his power, he fills every place, but in the 
exaltation of his divinity, nothing contains him. Everything is in God, but God is not in anything. 

Now what is it to know God? God is all which is in the truth. But it is as impossible to look at 
Christ as at the sun. God sees everyone; no one looks at him. But Christ, without being jealous, 
receives and gives. He is the Light of the Father, as he gives light without being jealous. In this 
manner he gives light to every place. 

And all is Christ, he who has inherited all from the Existent One. For Christ is the idea of 
incorruptibility, and he is the Light which is shining undefiled. For the sun (shines) on every 
impure place, and yet it is not defiled. So it is with Christ: even if he is in the deficiency, yet he is 
without deficiency. And even if he has been begotten, he is (still) unbegotten. So it is with Christ: 



E D3 



if, on the one hand, he is comprehensible, on the other, he is incomprehensible with respect to his 
actual being. Christ is all. He who does not possess all is unable to know Christ. 

My son, do not dare to say a word about this One, and do not confine the God of all to mental 
images. For he who condemns may not be condemned by the one who condemns. Indeed, it is 
good to ask and to know who God is. Reason and mind are male names. Indeed, let him who 
wishes to know about this One, quietly and reverently ask. For there is no small danger in 
speaking about these things, since you know that you will be judged on the basis of everything 
that you say. 

And understand by this that he who is in darkness will not be able to see anything unless he 
receives the light and recovers (his) sight by means of it. Examine yourself (to see) whether you 
wholly have the light, so that, if you ask about these things, you may understand how you will 
escape. For many are seeking in darkness, and they grope about, wishing to understand, since 
there is no light for them. 

My son, do not allow your mind to stare downward, but rather, let it look by means of the light at 
things above. For the light will always come from above. Even if it (the mind) is upon the earth, let 
it seek to pursue the things above. Enlighten your mind with the light of heaven, so that you may 
turn to the light of heaven. 

Do not tire of knocking on the door of reason, and do not cease walking in the way of Christ. Walk 
in it so that you may receive rest from your labors. If you walk in another way, there will be no 
profit in it. For also those who walk in the broad way will go down at their end to the perdition of 
the mire. For the Underworld is open wide for the soul, and the place of perdition is broad. Accept 
Christ, the narrow way. For he is oppressed and bears affliction for your sin. 

O soul, persistent one, in what ignorance you exist! For who is your guide into the darkness? How 
many likenesses did Christ take on because of you! Although he was God, he was found among 
men as a man. He descended to the Underworld. He released the children of death. They were in 
travail, as the scripture of God has said. And he sealed up the (very) heart of it (the Underworld). 
And he broke its (the Underworld's) strong bows completely. And when all the powers had seen 
him, they fled, so that he might bring you, wretched one, up from the Abyss, and might die for 
you as a ransom for your sin. He saved you from the strong hand of the Underworld. 

But you, yourself, difficult (though it be) give to him your fundamental assent with (even so much 
as) a hint that he may take you up with joy! Now the fundamental choice, which is humility of 
heart, is the gift of Christ. A contrite heart is the acceptable sacrifice. If you humble yourself, you 
will be greatly exalted; and if you exalt yourself, you will be exceedingly humbled. 

My son, guard yourself against wickedness, and do not let the Spirit of Wickedness cast you down 
into the Abyss. For he is mad and bitter. He is terrifying, and he casts everyone down into a pit of 
mire. 

It is a great and good thing not to love fornication, and not even to think of the wretched matter at 
all, for to think of it is death. It is not good for any man to fall into death. For a soul which has 
been found in death will be without reason. For it is better not to live than to acquire an animal's 
life. Protect yourself, lest you are burned by the fires of fornication. For many who are submerged 
in fire are its servants, whom you do not know as your enemies. 

O my son, strip off the old garment of fornication, and put on the garment which is clean and 
shining, that you may be beautiful in it. But when you have this garment, protect it well. Release 
yourself from every bond, so that you may acquire freedom. If you cast out of yourself the desire 
whose devices are many, you will release yourself from the sins of lust. 

Listen, O soul, to my advice. Do not become a den of foxes and snakes, nor a hole of serpents and 
asps, nor a dwelling place of lions, or a place of refuge of basilisk-snakes. When these things 
happen to you, O soul, what will you do? For these are the powers of the Adversary. Everything 
which is dead will come into you through them (the powers). For their food is everything which is 
dead, and every unclean thing. For when these are within you, what living thing will come into 
you? The living angels will detest you. You were a temple, (but) you have made yourself a tomb. 



ED4 



Cease being a tomb, and become (again) a temple, so that uprightness and divinity may remain in 
you. 

Light the light within you. Do not extinguish it! Certainly, no one lights a lamp for wild beasts or 
their young. Raise your dead who have died, for they lived and have died for you. Give them life. 
They shall live again! 

For the Tree of Life is Christ. He is Wisdom. For he is Wisdom; he is also the Word, he is the Life, 
the Power, and the Door. He is the Light, the Angel, and the Good Shepherd. Entrust yourself to 
this one who became all for your sake. 

Knock on yourself as upon a door, and walk upon yourself as on a straight road. For if you walk 
on the road, it is impossible for you to go astray. And if you knock with this one (Wisdom), you 
knock on hidden treasures. 

For since he (Christ) is Wisdom, he makes the foolish man wise. He (Wisdom) is a holy kingdom 
and a shining robe. For it (Wisdom) is much gold, which gives you great honor. The Wisdom of 
God became a type of fool for you, so that it might take you up, O foolish one, and make you a 
wise man. And the Life died for you when he was powerless, so that through his death, he might 
give life to you who have died. 

Entrust yourself to reason and remove yourself from animalism. For the animal which has no 
reason is made manifest. For many think that they have reason, but if you look at them attentively, 
their speech is animalistic. 

Give yourself gladness from the true vine of Christ. Satisfy yourself with the true wine, in which 
there is no drunkenness nor error. For it (the true wine) marks the end of drinking, since there is 
usually in it what gives joy to the soul and the mind, through the Spirit of God. But first, nurture 
your reasoning powers before you drink of it (the true wine). 

Do not pierce yourself with the sword of sin. Do not burn yourself, O wretched one, with the fire 
of lust. Do not surrender yourself to barbarians like a prisoner, nor to savage beasts which want to 
trample upon you. For they are as lions which roar very loudly. Be not dead lest they trample 
upon you. You shall be man! It is possible for you through reasoning to conquer them. 

But the man who does nothing is unworthy of (being called) rational man. The rational man is he 
who fears God. He who fears God does nothing insolent. And he who guards himself against 
doing anything insolent is one who keeps his guiding principle. Although he is a man who exists 
on earth, he makes himself like God. 

But he who makes himself like God is one who does nothing unworthy of God, according to the 
statement of Paul, who has become like Christ. 

For who shows reverence for God while not wanting to do things which are pleasing to him? For 
piety is that which is from the heart, and piety from the heart (characterizes) every soul which is 
near to God. 

The soul which is a member of God's household is one which is kept pure, and the soul which has 
put on Christ is one which is pure. It is impossible for it to sin. Now where Christ is, there sin is 
idle. 

Let Christ alone enter your world, and let him bring to naught all powers which have come upon 
you. Let him enter the temple which is within you, so that he may cast out all the merchants. Let 
him dwell in the temple which is within you, and may you become for him a priest and a Levite, 
entering in purity. 

Blessed are you, O soul, if you find this one in your temple. 
Blessed are you still more if you perform his service. 

But he who will defile the temple of God, that one God will destroy. For you lay yourself open, O 
man, if you cast this one out of your temple. For whenever the enemies do not see Christ in you, 
then they will come into you armed in order to crush you. 

O my son, I have given you orders concerning these things many times so that you would always 
guard your soul. It is not you who will cast him (Christ) out, but he will cast you out. For if you 



EU5 



flee from him, you will fall into great sin. Again, if you flee from him, you will become food for 
your enemies. For all base persons flee from their lord, and the (man) base in virtue and wisdom 
flees from Christ. For every man who is separated (from him) falls into the claws of wild beasts. 

Know who Christ is, and acquire him as a friend, for this is the friend who is faithful. He is also 
God and Teacher. This one, being God, became man for your sake. It is this one who broke the 
iron bars of the Underworld, and the bronze bolts. It is this one who attacked and cast down every 
haughty tyrant. It is he who loosened from himself the chains of which he had taken hold. He 
brought up the poor from the Abyss and the mourners from the Underworld. It is he who 
humbled the haughty powers; he who put to shame haughtiness through humility; he who has 
cast down the strong and the boaster through weakness; he who, in his contempt, scorned that 
which is considered an honor, so that humility for God's sake might be highly exalted; (and) he 
who has put on humanity. 

And yet, the divine Word is God, he who bears patiently with man always. He wished to produce 
humility in the exalted. He (Christ), who has exalted man became like God, not in order that he 
might bring God down to man, but that man might become like God. 

O this great goodness of God! O Christ, King, who has revealed to men the Great 
Divinity, King of every virtue and King of life, King of ages and Great One of the 
heavens, hear my words and forgive me! 

Furthermore, he manifested a great zeal for Divinity. 

Where is a man (who is) wise or powerful in intelligence, or a man whose devices are many 
because he knows wisdom? Let him speak wisdom; let him utter great boasting! For every man 
has become a fool and has spoken out of his (own) knowledge. For he (Christ) confounded the 
counsels of guileful people, and he prevailed over those wise in their own understanding. 

Who will be able to discover the counsel of the Almighty, or to speak of the Divinity, or to 
proclaim it correctly? If we have not even been able to understand the counsels of our 
companions, who will be able to comprehend the Divinity, or the divinities of the heavens? If we 
scarcely find things on earth, who will search for the things of heaven? A great power and great 
glory has made the world known. 

And the Life of Heaven wishes to renew all, that he may cast out that which is weak, and every 
black form, that everyone may shine forth in heavenly garments in order to make manifest the 
command of the Father (who) is exceedingly brilliant, and that he (Christ) may crown those 
wishing to contend well. Christ, being judge of the contest, is he who crowned every one, teaching 
every one to contend. This one who contended first received the crown, gained dominion, and 
appeared, giving light to everyone. And all were made new through the Holy Spirit and the Mind. 

O Lord Almighty, how much glory shall I give Thee? No one has been able to glorify 
God adequately. It is Thou who hast given glory to Thy Word in order to save 
everyone, O Merciful God. (It is) he who has come from Thy mouth and has risen 
from Thy heart, the First-born, the Wisdom, the Prototype, the First Light. 

For he is light from the power of God, and he is an emanation of the pure glory of the Almighty. 
He is the spotless mirror of the working of God, and he is the image of his goodness. For he is also 
the light of the Eternal Light. He is the eye which looks at the invisible Father, always serving and 
forming by the Father's will. He alone was begotten by the Father's good pleasure. For he is an 
incomprehensible Word, and he is Wisdom and Life. He gives life to, and nourishes, all living 
things and powers. Just as the soul gives life to all the members, he rules all with power and gives 
life to them. For he is the beginning and the end of everyone, watching over all and encompassing 
them. He is troubled on behalf of everyone, and he rejoices and also mourns. On the one hand, he 
mourns for those who have gotten as their lot the place of punishment; on the other, he is troubled 
about every one whom he arduously brings to instruction. But he rejoices over everyone who is in 
purity. 



- EOE 



Then beware, lest somehow you fall into the hands of robbers. Do not allow sleep to your eyes nor 
drowsiness to your eyelids, that you may be saved like a gazelle from nets, and like a bird from a 
trap. 

Fight the great fight as long as the fight lasts, while all the powers are staring after you - not only 
the holy ones, but also all the powers of the Adversary. Woe to you if you are vanquished in the 
midst of every one who is watching you! If you fight the fight and are victorious over the powers 
which fight against you, you will bring great joy to every holy one, and yet great grief to your 
enemies. Your judge helps (you) completely, since he wants you to be victorious. 

Listen, my son, and do not be slow with your ears. Raise yourself up when you have left your old 
man behind like an eagle. Fear God in all your acts, and glorify him through good work. You 
know that every man who is not pleasing to God is the son of perdition. He will go down to the 
Abyss of the Underworld. 

O this patience of God, which bears with every one, which desires that every one who 
has become subject to sin be saved! 

But no one prevents him (God) from doing what he wants. For who is stronger than him, that he 
may prevent him? To be sure, it is he who touches the earth, causing it to tremble and also causing 
the mountains to smoke. (It is) he who has gathered together such a great sea as in a leather bag, 
and has weighed all the water on his scales. Only the hand of the Lord has created all these things. 
For this hand of the Father is Christ, and it forms all. Through it, all has come into being, since it 
became the mother of all. For he is always Son of the Father. 

Consider these things about God Almighty, who always exists: this One was not always King, for 
fear that he might be without a divine Son. For all dwell in God, (that is), the things which have 
come into being through the Word, who is the Son as the image of the Father. 

For God is nearby; he is not far off. All divine limits are those which belong to God's household. 
Therefore, if the divine agrees with you partially in anything, know that all of the Divine agrees 
with you. But this divine is not pleased with anything evil. For it is this which teaches all men 
what is good. This is what God has given to the human race, so that for this reason every man 
might be chosen before all the angels and the archangels. 

For God does not need to put any man to the test. He knows all things before they happen, and he 
knows the hidden things of the heart. They are all revealed and found wanting in his presence. Let 
no one ever say that God is ignorant. For it is not right to place the Creator of every creature in 
ignorance. For even things which are in darkness are before him like (things in) the light. 

So, there is no other one hidden except God alone. But he is revealed to everyone, and yet he is 
very hidden. He is revealed because God knows all. And if they do not wish to affirm it, they will 
be corrected by their heart. Now he is hidden because no one perceives the things of God. For it is 
incomprehensible and unfathomable to know the counsel of God. Furthermore, it is difficult to 
comprehend him, and it is difficult to find Christ. For he is the one who dwells in every place, and 
also he is in no place. For no one who wants to will be able to know God as he actually is, nor 
Christ, nor the Spirit, nor the chorus of angels, nor even the archangels, as well as the thrones of 
the spirits, and the exalted lordships, and the Great Mind. If you do not know yourself, you will 
not be able to know all of these. 

Open the door for yourself, that you may know the One who is. Knock on yourself, that the Word 
may open for you. For he is the Ruler of Faith and the Sharp Sword, having become all for 
everyone because he wishes to have mercy on everyone. 

My son, prepare yourself to escape from the world-rulers of darkness and of this kind of air, 
which is full of powers. But if you have Christ, you will conquer this entire world. That which you 
open for yourself, you will open. That which you knock upon for yourself, you will knock upon, 
benefiting yourself. 

Help yourself, my son, (by) not proceeding with things in which there is no profit. 

My son, first purify yourself toward the outward life, in order that you may be able to purify the 
inward. 



E D7 



And be not as the merchants of the Word of God. 
Put all words to the test before you utter them. 

Do not wish to acquire honors which are insecure, nor the boastfulness which brings you to ruin. 

Accept the wisdom of Christ, (who is) patient and mild, and guard this, O my son, knowing that 
God's way is always profitable. 



Jesus Christ, Son of God, Savior (Ichthus), Wonder Extraordinary 



EDB 



The Three Steles of Seth 



CODEX VII 
Translated by James R. Robinson 

Selection made from James M. Robinson, ed., The Nag Hammadi Library, revised edition. HarperCollins, San Francisco, 1990. 

The revelation of Dositheos about the three steles of Seth, the Father of the living and unshakable 
race, which he (Dositheos) saw and understood. And after he had read them, he remembered 
them. And he gave them to the elect, just as they were inscribed there. Many times I joined in 
giving glory with the powers, and I became worthy of the immeasurable majesties. Now they (the 
steles) are as follows: 

The First Stele of Seth 

I bless thee, Father Geradama(s), I, as thine (own) Son, Emmacha Seth, whom thou didst beget 
without begetting, as a blessing of our God; for I am thine (own) Son. And thou art my mind, O 
my Father. And I, I sowed and begot; but thou hast seen the majesties. Thou hast stood 
imperishable. I bless thee, Father. Bless me, Father. It is because of thee that I exist; it is because of 
God that thou dost exist. Because of thee I am with that very one. Thou art light, since thou 
beholdest light. Thou hast revealed light. Thou art Mirotheas; thou art my Mirotheos. I bless thee 
as God; I bless thy divinity. Great is the good Self-begotten who stood, the God who had already 
stood. Thou didst come in goodness; thou hast appeared, and thou hast revealed goodness. I shall 
utter thy name, for thou art a first name. Thou art unbegotten. Thou hast appeared in order that 
thou mightest reveal the eternal ones. Thou art he who is. Therefore thou hast revealed those who 
really are. Thou art he who is uttered by a voice, but by mind art thou glorified, thou who hast 
dominion everywhere. Therefore the perceptible world too knows thee because of thee and thy 
seed. Thou art merciful. 

And thou art from another race, and its place is over another race. And now thou art from another 
race, and its place is over another race. Thou art from another race, for thou art not similar. And 
thou art merciful, for thou art eternal. And thy place is over a race, for thou hast caused all these to 
increase; and for the sake of my seed. For it is thou who knows it, that its place is in begetting. But 
they are from other races, for they are not similar. But their place is over other races, for their place 
is in life. Thou art Mirotheos. 

I bless his power which was given to me, who caused the malenesses that really are to become 
male three times; he who was divided into the pentad, the one who was given to us in triple 
power, the one who was begotten without begetting, the one who came from that which is elect; 
because of what is humble, he went forth from the midst. 

Thou art a Father through a Father, a word from a command. We bless thee, Thrice Male, for thou 
didst unite all through them all, for thou hast empowered us. Thou hast arisen from one; from one 
thou hast gone forth; thou hast come to one. Thou hast saved, thou hast saved, thou hast saved us, 
O crown-bearer, crown-giver! We bless thee eternally. We bless thee, once we have been saved, as 
the perfect individuals, perfect on account of thee, those who became perfect with thee who is 
complete, who completes, the one perfect through all these, who is similar everywhere. 

Thrice Male, thou hast stood. Thou hast already stood. Thou wast divided everywhere. Thou didst 
continue being one. And those whom thou hast willed, thou hast saved. But thou dost will to be 
saved all who are worthy. 

Thou art Perfect! Thou art Perfect! Thou art Perfect! 

The First Stele of Seth 



E09 



The Second Stele of Seth 



Great is the first aeon, male virginal Barbelo, the first glory of the invisible Father, she who is 
called "perfect". 

Thou (fern.) hast seen first the one who truly pre-exists because he is non-being. And from him 
and through him thou hast pre-existed eternally, the non-being from one indivisible, triple power, 
thou a triple power, thou a great monad from a pure monad, thou an elect monad, the first 
shadow of the holy Father, light from light. 

We bless thee, producer (fern.) of perfection, aeon-giver (fern.). Thou hast seen the eternal ones 
because they are from a shadow. And thou hast become numerable. And thou didst find, thou 
didst continue being one (fern.); yet becoming numerable in division, thou art three-fold. Thou art 
truly thrice, thou one (fern.) of the one (masc). And thou art from a shadow of him, thou a Hidden 
One, thou a world of understanding, knowing those of the one, that they are from a shadow. And 
these are thine in the heart. 

For their sake thou hast empowered the eternal ones in being; thou hast empowered divinity in 
living; thou hast empowered knowledge in goodness; in blessedness thou hast empowered the 
shadows which pour from the one. Thou hast empowered this (one) in knowledge; thou hast 
empowered another one in creation. Thou hast empowered him who is equal and him who is not 
equal, him who is similar and him who is not similar. Thou hast empowered in begetting, and 
(provided) forms in that which exists to others. [...] Thou hast empowered these. - He is that One 
Hidden in the heart. - And thou hast come forth to these and from these. Thou art divided among 
them. And thou dost become a great male noetic First- Appearer. 

Fatherly God, divine child, begetter of multiplicity according to a division of all who really are, 
thou (masc.) hast appeared to them all in a word. And thou (masc.) dost possess them all without 
begetting and eternally indestructible on account of thee (fern.). 

Salvation has come to us; from thee is salvation. Thou art wisdom, thou knowledge; thou art 
truthfulness. On account of thee is life; from thee is life. On account of thee is mind; from thee is 
mind. Thou art mind, thou a world of truthfulness, thou a triple power, thou threefold. Truly thou 
art thrice, the aeon of aeons. It is thou only who sees purely the first eternal ones and the 
unbegotten ones. 

But the first divisions are as thou wast divided. Unite us as thou has been united. Teach us those 
things which thou dost see. Empower us that we may be saved to eternal life. For we are each a 
shadow of thee as thou art a shadow of that first pre-existent one. Hear us first. We are eternal 
ones. Hear us as the perfect individuals. Thou art the aeon of aeons, the all-perfect one who is 
established. 

Thou hast heard! Thou hast heard! 
Thou hast saved! Thou hast saved! 

We give thanks! We bless thee always! We shall glorify thee! 

The Second Stele of Seth 

The Third Stele 

We rejoice! We rejoice! We rejoice! 

We have seen! We have seen! We have seen the really pre-existent one, that he really exists, that he 
is the first eternal one. 

O Unconceived, from thee are the eternal ones and the aeons, the all-perfect ones who are 
established, and the perfect individuals. 

We bless thee, non-being, existence which is before existences, first being which is before beings, 
Father of divinity and life, creator of mind, giver of good, giver of blessedness! 



BIO 



We all bless thee, knower, in a glorifying blessing, (thou) because of whom [all these are. ... 
really, ...], who knows thee, through thee alone. For there is no one who is active before thee. Thou 
art an only and living spirit. And thou knowest one, for this one who belongs to thee is on every 
side. We are not able to express him. For thy light shines upon us. 

Present a command to us to see thee, so that we may be saved. Knowledge of thee, it is the 
salvation of us all. Present a command! When thou dost command, we have been saved! Truly we 
have been saved! We have seen thee by mind! Thou art them all, for thou dost save them all, he 
who was not saved, nor was he saved through them. For thou, thou hast commanded us. 

Thou art one. Thou art one, just as there is one (who) will say to thee: Thou art one, thou art a 
single living spirit. How shall we give thee a name? We do not have it, For thou art the existence 
of them all. Thou art the life of them all. Thou art the mind of them all. For thou art he in whom 
they all rejoice. 

Thou hast commanded all these to be saved through thy word [...] glory who is before him, 
Hidden One, blessed Senaon, he who begat himself, Asineu(s), [...]ephneu(s), Optaon, Elemaon 
the great power, Emouniar, Nibareu(s), Kandephor(os), Aphredon, Deiphaneus, thou who art 
Armedon to me, power-begetter, Thalanatheu(s), Antitheus, thou who existeth within thyself, 
thou who art before thyself - and after thee no one entered into activity. 

As what shall we bless thee? We are not empowered. But we give thanks, as being humble toward 
thee. For thou hast commanded us, as he who is elect, to glorify thee to the extent we are able. We 
bless thee because we were saved. Always we glorify thee. For this reason we shall glorify thee, 
that we may be saved to eternal salvation. We have blessed thee, for we are empowered. We have 
been saved, for thou hast willed always, that we all do this. 

We all did this. [...] not through [... aeon ...], the one who was [...], we and those who [...]. He who 
will remember these and give glory always will become perfect among those who are perfect and 
impassable beyond all things. For they all bless these individually and together. And afterwards 
they shall be silent. And just as they were ordained, they ascend. After the silence, they descend 
from the third. They bless the second; after these the first. The way of ascent is the way of descent. 

Know therefore, as those who live, that you have attained. And you taught yourselves the infinite 
things. Marvel at the truth which is within them, and (at) the revelation. 



The Three Steles of Seth 



This book belongs to the fatherhood. 
It is the son who wrote it. 
Bless me O Father. I bless 
you, O Father, in peace. 
Amen. 



en 



Zostrianos 



CODEX VIII 

Translated by John N. Sieber 

from James M. Robinson, ed., The Nag Hammadi Library, revised edition. HarperCollins, San Francisco, 1990. 

Note: The small bold numbers represent pages in the original manuscript. 

[...] of the [...] the words [...] live forever, these I [...] Zostrianos [...] and [...] and Iolaos, when I was 
in the world for these like me and [those] after me, [the] living elect. As God lives, [...] the truth 
with truth and knowledge and eternal light. 

After I parted from the somatic darkness in me and the psychic chaos in mind and the feminine 
desire [...] in the darkness, I did not use it again. After I found the infinite part of my matter, then I 
reproved the dead creation within me and the divine Cosmocrater of the perceptible (world) by 
preaching powerfully about the All to those with alien parts. 

Although I tried their ways for a little while after the necessity of begetting brought me to the 
revealed, I was never pleased with them, but I always separated myself from them because I came 
into being through a holy [...], yet mixed. When I had set straight my sinless soul, then I 
strengthened 2 the intellectual [...] and I [...] in the [...] of my God [...] [...] I having done [...] grow 
strong in a holy spirit higher than god. 

It [came] upon me alone as I was setting myself straight, [and] I saw the perfect child [...] [..,]. With 
him who [...] many times and many ways [he] appeared to me as a loving father, when I was 
seeking the male father of all (who are) in thought, perception, (in) form, race, [region ...], (in) an 
All which restrains and is restrained, (in) a body yet without a body, (in) essence, matter and 
[those that] belong to all these. It is with them and the god of the unborn Kalyptos and the power 
[in] them all that existence is mixed. 

(About) existence: how do those who exist, being from the aeon of those who exist, (come) from an 
invisible, undivided and self-begotten spirit? Are they three unborn images having an origin 
better than existence, existing prior [to] all [these], yet having become the [world ...]? How are 
those opposite it and all these 3 [...] good, he and an excuse. What is that one"s place? What is his 
origin? How does the one from him exist for him and all these? How [does he come into existence] 
as a simple one, differing [from] himself? Does he exist as existence, form, and blessedness? By 
giving strength is he alive with life? How has the existence which does not exist appeared from an 
existing power? 

I pondered these things to understand them; according to the custom of my race I kept bringing 
them up to the god of my fathers. I kept praising them all, for my forefathers and fathers who 
sought found. As for me, I did not cease seeking a resting place worthy of my spirit, since I was 
not yet bound in the perceptible world. Then, as I was deeply troubled and gloomy because of the 
discouragement which encompassed me, I dared to act and to deliver myself to the wild beasts of 
the desert for a violent death. 

There stood before me the angel of the knowledge of eternal light. He said to me, "Zostrianos, why 
have you gone mad as if you were ignorant of the great eternals 4 who are above? [...] you [...] [...] 
say also [...] that you are now saved, [...] [...] in eternal death, nor [...] [...] those whom you know in 
order to [...] save others, [namely] my father"s chosen elect? [Do you] [suppose] that you are the 
father of [your race ...] or that Iolaos is your father, a [...] angel of god [...] you through holy men? 
Come and pass through each of these. You will return to them another [time] to preach to a living 
[race ...] and to save those who are worthy, and to strengthen the elect, because the struggle of the 
aeon is great but one"s time in this world is short." 

When he had said this [to me], I very quickly and very gladly went up with him to a great light- 
cloud. I cast my body upon the earth to be guarded by glories. I was rescued from the whole 



-BIB- 



world and the thirteen aeons in it and their angelic beings. They did not see us, but their archon 
was disturbed at [our] passage, for the light-cloud 5 [...] it is better than every [worldly ...] one. Its 
beauty is ineffable. With strength it provides light [guiding] pure spirits as a spirit-savior and an 
intellectual word, [not] like those in the world [...] with changeable matter and an upsetting word. 

Then I knew that the power in me was set over the darkness because it contained the whole light. I 
was baptized there, and I received the image of the glories there. I became like one of them. I left 
the airy-[earth] and passed by the copies of the aeons, after washing there seven times [in] living 
[water], once for each [of the] aeons. I did not cease until [I saw] all the waters. I ascended to the 
Exile which really exists. I was baptized and [...] world. I ascended to the Repentance which really 
exists [and was] baptized there four times. I passed by the 6 sixth aeon. I ascended to the [...] I 
stood there after having seen light from the truth which really exists, from its self-begotten root, 
and great angels and glories, [...] number. 

I was baptized in the [name of] the divine Autogenes by those powers which are [upon] living 
waters, Michar and Micheus. I was purified by [the] great Barpharanges. Then they [revealed] 
themselves to me and wrote me in glory. I was sealed by those who are on these powers, [Michar] 
Mi[ch]eus, Seldao, Ele[nos] and Zogenethlos. I became a root-seeing angel and stood upon the first 
aeon which is the fourth. With the souls I blessed the divine Autogenes and the forefather 
Geradamas, [an eye of] the Autogenes, the first perfect [man], and Seth Emm[acha Seth], the son of 
Adamas, the [father of] the [immovable race ...] and the [four] [lights ... ] (1 line unrecoverable) 
Mirothea, the mother [...] [...] and Prophania [...] of the lights and De-[...] 

7 [...] I was [baptized] for the second time in the name of the divine Autogenes by these same 
powers. I became an angel of the male race. I stood upon the second aeon which is the third, with 
the sons of Seth I blessed each of them. 

I was baptized for the third time in the name of the divine Autogenes by each of these powers. I 
became a holy angel. I stood upon the third aeon which is the second. I blessed each of them. 

I was baptized for the fourth time by [each of] these powers. I became [a] perfect [angel] [I stood 
upon] the fourth aeon [which is the first], and [I blessed each of them.] 

Then I sought [...] I said [...] I [...] of [...] I (1 line unrecoverable) [...] why [...] [...] with power [...] 
about them in another way in the reports 8 of men? Are these their powers? Or, are these the ones, 
but their names differ from one another? Are there souls different from souls? Why are people 
different from one another? What and in what way are they human?" 

The great ruler on high, Authrounios, said to me, "Are you asking about those whom you have 
passed by? And about this airy-earth, why it has a cosmic model? And about the aeon copies, how 
many there are, and, why they are [not] in pain? And, about Exile and Repentance and the 
creation of the [aeons] and the world which [...] really [...] you, about [...] me, them [...] nor [...] you 
[...] invisible [spirit ...] and the [...] of [...] (3 lines unrecoverable) and [...] [...] when I [...] 

9 The great ruler on high, Authrounios, said to me, "The airy-earth came into being by a word, yet 
it is the begotten and perishable ones whom it reveals by its indestructibility. In regard to the 
coming of the great judges, (they came) so as not to taste perception and to be enclosed in creation, 
and when they came upon it and saw through it the works of the world, they condemned its ruler 
to death because he was a model of the world, a [...] and an origin of matter begotten of lost 
darkness. 

When Sophia looked at [...] them she produced the darkness, as she [... she] is beside the [... he is a] 
model [...] of essence [...] form [...] to an image [...] I [...] the All (2 lines unrecoverable) [...] darkness 
[...] [...] say [...] powers [... aeons] of [creation ...] to see any of the eternal ones. 10 he saw a 
reflection. In relation to the reflection which he saw in it, he created the world. With a reflection of 
a reflection he worked at producing the world, and then even the reflection belonging to visible 
reality was taken from him. But to Sophia a place of rest was given in exchange for her repentance. 
Thus, there was in her no prior reflection, pure in itself beforehand. 

After they had already come into being through it, he used his imagination (and) produced the 
remainder, for the image of Sophia was always being lost because her countenance was deceiving. 



E 1 3 



But the Archon [...] and made a body which [...] concerning the greater [...] down [...] when I saw 
[...] to the heart [...] (1 line unrecoverable) he having [...] (4 lines unrecoverable) perfect through [...] (1 
line unrecoverable) [...] through him, as he 11 [revealed] the destruction of the world by his 
[immutability]. It is in the following way that the copies of the aeons exist. They have not obtained 
a single power"s shape. It is eternal glories that they possess, and they dwell in the judgment seats 
of each of the powers. 

But when souls are illuminated by the light in them and (by) the model which often comes into 
being in them without suffering, she did not think that she saw [...] and the eternal [...] in the 
blessed [...] each single one [...] each of [...] light [... all], and she [...] whole, and she [...] and a [...] 
and she [...] she who (4 lines unrecoverable) of repentance. [Souls] 12 are located according to the 
power they have in themselves, [...] lower are produced by the copies. Those who receive a model 
of their souls are still in the world. They came into being after the departure of the aeons, one by 
one, and they are removed one by one from the copy of Exile to the Exile that really exists, from 
the copy of Repentance to the Repentance that really exists, [and from the] copy of Autogenes to 
[the Autogenes] that really exists. The remainder [...] the souls [...] exist in a [...] all [...] of aeons [...] 

(1 line unrecoverable) and [...] [through ... ] the [...] (3 lines unrecoverable) of [...] these [...] 13 [blessed 
the] god above, the great aeons, the unborn Kalyptos, the great male Protophanes, the perfect 
child who is higher than god, and his eye, Pigeradamas. 

I called upon the Child of the Child, Ephesech. He stood before me and said, "O angel of god, O 
son of the father, [...] the perfect man. Why are you calling on me and asking about those things 
which you know, as though you were [ignorant] of them?" And I said, "I have asked about the 
mixture [...] it is perfect and gives [...] there is power which [has ... those] in which we receive 
baptism [...] these names are [different ...] and why [...] from one [...] in the [... from] others [...] 
men [... different] (3 lines unrecoverable) 

14 He said, "[Zost]rianos, listen about these [...] for the first [...] origins are three because they have 
appeared in a single origin [of] the Barbelo aeon, not like some origins and powers, nor like (one) 
from an origin and power. It is to every origin that they have appeared; they have strengthened 
every power; and they appeared from that which is far better than themselves. These (three) are 
Existence, Blessedness and Life. [...] [...] their companions [...] in a [...] and concerning the [...] 
having named [...] more than [...] and [...] a perfect [...] from a (6 lines unrecoverable) 

15 And a water of each one of them [...] ; therefore [...] waters are the perfect ones. It is the water of 
life that belongs to Vitality in which you now have been baptized in the Autogenes. It is in the 
[water] of Blessedness which belongs to Knowledge that you will be baptized in the Protophanes. 
It is the water of Existence [which] belongs to Divinity, the Kalyptos. Now the water of Life [exists 
in relation to ...] power; that belonging to Blessedness in relation to essence; that belonging to 
[Divinity] in relation to [Existence ...]. But all these [...] authority and [...] those who [...] water 
which [becomes pure ...] [...] according to [... when they] depart (4 lines unrecoverable) 

[...] 16 Existence as [he] is in it. [He] not only [was dwelling] in Thought, but he also [...] them that 
it is he who is [Being] in the following way. In order that this world might not be endless and 
formless, he placed a [...] over it; but in order that [he] might become something, the truly young 
crossed it with what is his, [thus] Existence. It is with the [son] that he is located, with him that he 
seeks, him that he surrounds [...] everywhere [...] from the truth [...] takes him who [...] exists [...] 
activity [...] life [...] his word also [...] are these after [...] they became [...] (5 lines unrecoverable)^..] 



e 1 4 



17 and the power is with the Essence and Existence of Being, when the water exists. But the name 
in which they wash is a word of the water. Then the first perfect water of the triple-power of the 
Autogenes [is] the perfect soul"s life, for it is a word of the perfect god while coming into being [...] 
for the Invisible Spirit is a fountain of them all. Thus, the rest are from [knowledge ...] as his 
likeness. [But] he who knows himself [...] what kind and what [...] alive at one time [...] live with a 
[...] he is the [...] life, in the [...] become [limitless ... ] his [... his] [own ... ] the name (4 lines 
unrecoverable) 

18 he really exists. It is he because he limits himself. They approach the water according to this 
single power and the likeness of order. 

The great male invisible Mind, the perfect Protophanes has his own water as you [will see] when 
you arrive at his place. This is also the case with the unborn Kalyptos. In accordance with each one 
exists a partial entity with a first form, so that they might become perfect in this way; for the self- 
begotten aeons are four perfect entities. [The] individuals of the all-perfect ones [...] them as 
perfect individuals. And the [...] aeon [...] of the Autogenes [...] for all [...] [perfect] male [...] for the 
alls [...] [perfect god ... the triple-] male [...] [perfect] individual [...] in the [...] (5 lines unrecoverable) 

19 perfect, those who exist according to a form, a race, an All and a partial difference. This is also 
the case with the highway of ascent which is higher than perfect and Kalyptos. 

The Autogenes is the chief archon of his own aeons and angels as his parts, for those who are the 
four individuals belong to him; they belong to the fifth aeon together. The fifth exists in one; the 
four [are] the fifth, part by part. But these [four] are complete individually [because they] have a 
[...] it is also [...] with [the triple male] individual [...] for he is a [...] of [...] god, the invisible 
[Protophanes] [... male] mind [...] which exists (6 lines unrecoverable) 20 living and perfect parts. 

(About) the All and the all-perfect race and the one who is higher than perfect and blessed. The 
self-begotten Kalyptos pre-exists because he is an origin of the Autogenes, a god and a forefather, 
a cause of the Protophanes, a father of the parts that are his. As a divine father he is foreknown: 
but he is unknown, for he is a power and a father from himself. Therefore, he is [fatherless]. The 
Invisible Triple Powerful, First Thought [of] all [these], the Invisible Spirit [...] is a [...] and Essence 
which [...] and Existence [...] there are [existences] the [...] blessed [...] the [...] all these [...] the [...] 
(3 lines unrecoverable) 

21 exist in them, [and] they [...] in others [...] by them all in many places. They are in every place 
that he loves and desires, yet they are not in any place. They have capacity for spirit, for they are 
incorporeal yet are better than incorporeal. They are undivided with living thoughts and a power 
of truth with those purer than these since with respect to him they are purer and are not like the 
bodies which are in one place. Above all, they have necessity either in relation to the All or to a 
part. Therefore, the way of ascent [...] it is pure [...] each [...] herself and (1 line unrecoverable) [...] 
them (3 lines unrecoverable) [... above all] (1 line unrecoverable) 22 particular aeons. 

Then [he said], "How then can he contain an eternal model? The general intellect shares when the 
self-begotten water becomes perfect. It one knows him and all these, one is the protophanic water. 
If one joins oneself with all these, one is that water which belongs to Kalyptos, whose image is still 
in the aeons. To understand individually all their parts, they are [...] , those of the All where 
knowledge is. They have [separated] from the one whom they knew and (from) fellowship with 
one another. The All and all these, when they [...] wash in the [washing of] [Autogenes] he [...] of 
[...] (5 lines unrecoverable) 

23 he appears to [him], that is, when one knows how he exists for him and (how) he has 
fellowship with their companions, one has washed in the washing of Protophanes. And if in 
understanding the origin of these, how they all appear from a single origin, how all who are 
joined come to be divided, how those who are divided join again, and how the parts [join with] 
the alls and the species and [kinds - if] one understands these things, one has washed in the 
washing of Kalyptos. 

According to each of [the] places one has a portion of the eternal ones [and] ascends [...] as he [...] 
pure and simple, he is always [...] one of the [...] [always] he is pure for simpleness. He is filled [...] 
[in ...] Existence and a holy spirit. There is 24 nothing of his outside of him. He can [see] with his 

- E 1 5 - 



perfect soul those who belong to Autogenes; with his mind , those who belong to the Triple Male, 
and with his holy spirit, those who belong to Protophanes. He can learn of Kalyptos through the 
powers of the spirit from whom they have come forth in a far better revelation of the Invisible 
Spirit. And by means of thought which now is in silence and by First Thought (he learns) of the 
Triple Powerful Invisible Spirit, since there is then a report and power of silence which is purified 
in a life-giving spirit. (It is) perfect and [...] perfect and all-perfect. 

Glories, therefore, which are set over these, are [life-givers] who have been baptized in truth and 
knowledge. Those who are worthy are guarded, but those who [are] not from this race [...] and go 
[...] these who [...] [...] in the fifth, he being [...] [...] copy [...] of the aeons [...] namely a washing but 
if [he] strips off the world 25 and lays aside [knowledge], and (if) he is he who has no dwelling 
place and power, then because he follows the ways of the others, he is also a sojourner, but (if) he 
is one who has committed no sin because knowledge was sufficient for him, he is not anxious 
when he repents, and then washings are appointed" in these in addition. 

(Concerning) (the path ...) to the self -begotten ones, those in which you have now been baptised 
each time, (a path) worthy of seeing the [perfect ...] individuals: it serves as knowledge of the All 
since it came into being from the powers of the self -begotten ones, the one you acquire when you 
pass through the all-perfect aeons. When you receive the third washing [...], you will learn about 
the [...] really [...] in [that] place. 

About these names, they are as follows: because he is one, they [...] is like [...] while he [came into 
being ...] exists and [...] a word they [said ...] 26 This is a name which really exists together with 
[these] within her. These who exist do so in [...] ... resembles. His resemblance in kind (is) within 
what is his own. He can see it, understand it enter it, (and) take a resemblance from it. Now (they 
can) speak aloud and hear sounds, but they are unable to obey because they are perceptible and 
somatic. Therefore, just as they are able to contain them by containing them thus, so is he an image 
which is [...] in this way, having come into existence in perception [by] a word which is better than 
material nature but lower than intellectual essence. 

Do not be amazed about the differences among souls. When they think they are different and do 
[not resemble] [...] of those who [...] and that [...] aloud [...] he being lost [...] their [souls] [...] body, 
and that [... his] time, he [...] a desire, 27 their souls exist as [...] their body. As for those who are 
totally pure, there are four [...] that they possess; but those [in] time are nine. Each one of them has 
its species and its custom. Their likenesses differ in being separated, and they stand. 

Other immortal souls associate with all these souls because of the Sophia who looked down; for 
there are three species of immortal soul: first, those who have taken root upon the Exile because 
they have no ability to beget, (something) that only those who follow the ways of the others have, 
the one being a single species which [...]; being second, those who stand [upon the] Repentance 
which [...] sin, (it) being sufficient [... knowledge ...] being new [...] and he has [...] difference [...] 
they have sinned with the others [and] 28 they have repented with the others [...] from them alone, 
for [...] are species which exist in [...] with those who committed all sins and repented. Either they 
are parts, or they desired of their own accord. Therefore, their other aeons are six according to the 
place which has come to each (fern.) of them. The third (species) is that of the souls of the self- 
begotten ones because they have a word of the ineffable truth, one which exists in knowledge and 
[power] from themselves alone and eternal [life]. They have four differences like the species of 
angels who exist: those who love the truth; those who hope; those who believe having [...]; those 
who are [...] They exist, he being [...] the self-begotten ones [...] he is the one belonging to 
[perfect ... life]; the second is [...] the [...] knowledge [...] the fourth is that one [belonging to the] 
immortal [souls ...] 

29 The four Lights dwell [there] in the following way. [Armozel] is placed upon the first aeon. (He 
is) a promise of god, [...] of truth and a joining of soul. Oroiael, a power (and) seer of truth, is set 
over the second. Daveithe, a vision of knowledge, is set over the third. Eleleth, an eager desire and 
preparation for truth, is set over the fourth. The four exist because they are expressions of truth 
and knowledge. They exist, although they do not belong to Protophanes but to the mother, for she 
is a thought of the perfect mind of the light, so that immortal souls might receive knowledge for 



BIB 



themselves. [...] at these, the Autogenes [...]rse[...]oas, a life [...] all he is a word [...] ineffable [...] 
truth he who says [... revelation] concerning the [...] that it exists as [...] exists above in [...] 30 [... 
joined] in a yoking of it in light and thought within his [...]. 

Since Adamas, the perfect man, is an eye of Autogenes, it is his knowledge which comprehends 
that the divine Autogenes is a word of the perfect mind of truth. The son of Adam, Seth, comes to 
each of the souls. As knowledge he is sufficient for them. Therefore, [the] living [seed] came into 
existence from him. Mirothea is [...] the divine Autogenes, a [...] from her and [...], she being a 
thought of the perfect mind because of that existence of hers. What is it? Or did she exist? [...] does 
she exist? Therefore, the divine Autogenes is word and knowledge, and the knowledge [... word.] 
Therefore [...] Adarn a [s ...] of the [simple ones] when she appeared [...] a change of [the] souls [...] 
she herself is [...] [...] perfect. 

Concerning the [perfect one ...] angelic beings 31 [...] [becomes then] [souls] [die ...] [... the 
world ...] [...] the copies [...] really [...] which [exists] [...] repentance [...] to this place [...] which 
exists [...] aeons, if [...] and she loves [...] she stands upon [...] aeon having the Light [Ele]leth [...] 
become a [...] god-seer [But] if she hopes, then she perceives. And a [...] race [...] she stands upon 
(8 lines unrecoverable) 

32 [...] she is chosen (2 lines unrecoverable) [...] light Ar[mozel] [...] one [...] [bless] upon the 
[power ...] you stand upon [...] the light which [...] and without measure [...] the aeon is great [...] 
[...] those alone [...] from the perfect [...] that power [...] be able, and [...] be able [...] of his soul [...] 
perceptible [...] not with [...] [... but] you are [...] individually [...] there being nothing [...] him [...] 
which he [...] (3 lines unrecoverable) [in ...] 33 and [...] upon every one [...] every [...] [...] formless [...] 
[...] and this one [...] and this [model ...] [...] and some [...] eternal, nor [...] an all [...] increasing 
from this [...] he is light [...] because he lacked [...] the perfect mind [...] undivided [...] perfect light 
[...] and he is in [...] Adamas [... the] Autogenes [...] and he goes [...] mind [...] the divine Kalyptos 
[...] knowledge [...] but [...] soul (5 lines unrecoverable) 

34 [...] existence [...] she having (1 line unrecoverable) [...] some second powers and [...] and some 
third [...] appear [...] which [...] (1 line unrecoverable) soul [...] 

And the aeons [...] dwelling place [...] souls and [...] gods [...] higher than god [...] of the self- 
begotten ones [...] Autogenes [...] first [...] angel [...] invisible [...] some [...] soul and [...] aeons [...] 
and to the souls [...] angel [...] (4 lines unrecoverable) 

35 she [...] eternal [...] times. And [...] (1 line unrecoverable) and if [...] namely a soul [...] becomes an 
[angel ...], and [...] world [...] angels and [...] that holy one [...] and aeon which [... Autog]enes has 
[...] them, the [...] [...] archon [...] they have [...] difference which [...] she is not, to speak 

(1 line unrecoverable) [...] and [...] divine Autogenes [...] which exists [...] hear [...] Autogenes [...] of 

(5 lines unrecoverable) 

36 [...] has [...] existence [...] life [...] exist, concerning [the] [...] word [...] the child [...] male for a 
generation [...] (1 line unrecoverable) invisible spirit [...] in the perfect [...] (1 line unrecoverable) and 
an origin [...] love and [...] of Barbelo [...] and a [...] the [...] mind [...] 

These are two [...] thought [...] from the [...] in Barbelo [...] and the Kalyptos [...] all these [...] the 
virgin [...] she [appears] in a [...] and [...] (3 lines unrecoverable) 

37 in that one [...] power (1 line unrecoverable) [he is not] from [him, but ...] (is) from the power of 
that one [... really ... exists], she [...] is his [...] they being first [...] of that one [...] and he is the [...] 
he alone [...] give him enough [...] to him [...] all, he gives [...] through the [...] for [because of] him 
some [...] in order that he might [...] and that one which [...] him [...] undivided [...] Barbelo [...] in 
order that he might [...] blessedness (1 line unrecoverable) [...] all [...] he comes (4 lines unrecoverable) 

38 a [...] of the perfect [mind ...] and he [...] perfect spirit [...] perfect, he lives forever [...] him, and 
[...] he exists [...] of the [...] he is [a word] from [...] which is in [...] of them all [...] eternal [...] [...] in 
the triple- [powerful is in the [...] [...] those which [are perfect [...] the Protophanes [...] mind, but 
[...] pure[...] and he [...] of an image [...] appear [...] and the [...] (1 line unrecoverable) him [...] (5 lines 
unrecoverable) 



39 [...] [...] namely (2 lines unrecoverable) [...] because of him they [...] I mark it [...] he is simple [...] 
for he is [...] as he exists [...] as to another [...] that is, [...] need. 

Concerning [...] triple-male [...] really exists of [...] mind knowledge [...] those who exist [...] which 
he has [...] really exist [...] and a [...] [...] and she [...] second [...] perfect which [...] appear [...] in 
him they [...] Kalyptos (3 lines unrecoverable) [... species ...] (2 lines unrecoverable) 

40 (4 lines unrecoverable) second species [...] a knowledge [...] [Protophanes ...] [male ...] he has [...] 
existence [...] unborn, they [...] third [...] [... he] has [...] knowledge and [...] exist together [...] all- 
perfect [...] blessed since there is not [...] (2 lines unrecoverable) god [...] with him [...] (1 line 
unrecoverable) perfect [...] of the [...] Kalyptos [...] (4 lines unrecoverable) 

41 [...] know [...] of [... Protophanes ...] [...] the mind [...] the powers [...] the all [...] and he [exists] 
[...] this knowledge. [...] divine, the Autogenes. [The] divine [Autogenes] [...] the child [...] triple- 
male, this male [...] is [...] and a species [...] perfect because it does not have [...] in a [...] knowledge 
like that one [...] a being of the individuals [and] a single knowledge of the individuals [...] 
according to the all [...] perfect. But the male [...] mind the Kalyptos, [but] the [...] divine Kalyptos 
[...] and a power [...] of all these [... really ...] (3 lines unrecoverable) [Protophanes ...] (1 line 
unrecoverable) 

42 [Protophanes ...] [...] mind (2 lines unrecoverable) she who belongs to the all [...] unborn [...] 
man [...] they [...] with that one who [...] and he who [...] he who dwells [...] [...] in the perceptible 
[world ...] he is alive with that dead one [...] [...] all [...] obtain salvation [...] that dead one. 

And all of them did not need salvation [...] first, but they are safe and exist very humbly. Now 
(about) the man [of] those who are dead: his soul, [his mind and his body all [are dead]. Sufferings 
[...] fathers of [...] material [...] the fire [...] (4 lines unrecoverable) 

43 it crosses over. And the second man is the immortal soul in those who are dead. If it is anxious 
over itself, then [when it seeks] those things which are profitable [according to ...] each one of 
them, [then it] experiences bodily suffering. They [...] and it [... because] it has an eternal god, it 
associates with daimons. 

Now concerning the man in the Exile; when he discovers the truth in himself, he is far from the 
deeds of the others who exist [wrongly] (and) stumble. (Concerning) the man who repents: when 
he renounces the dead and desires those things which are because of immortal mind and his 
immortal soul, first he [...] makes an inquiry about it, not about conduct but about their deeds, for 
from him he [...] [...] and [...] obtain [...] 44 and the man who can be saved is the one who seeks him 
and his mind and who finds each one of them. Oh how much power he has! And the man who is 
saved is the one who has not known how these [...] exist, but he himself by means of [the] word as 
it exists [...] received each one [...] in every place, having become simple and one, for then he is 
saved because he can pass through all [these]. He becomes the [...] all these. If he [desires] again, 
then he parts from them all, and he withdraws to himself [alone]; for he can become divine by 
having taken refuge in god." 

When I heard this, I brought a blessing to the living and unborn God in truth and (to) the unborn 
Kalyptos and the Protophanes, the invisible, male, perfect Mind, and the invisible triple-male 
Child [and to the] divine Autogenes. 45 I said to the child of the child Ephesek who was with me, 
"Can your wisdom instruct me about the scattering of the man who is saved, and (about) those 
who are mixed with him, and who those are who share with him, in order that the living elect 
might know?" 

Then the child of the child Ephesek told [me ...] openly, "If he withdraws to himself alone many 
times, and if he comes into being with reference to the knowledge of the others, Mind and the 
immortal [Origin] will not understand. Then it has a shortage, [...] for he turns, has nothing and 
separates from it and stands [...] and comes into being by an alien [impulse ...I, instead of 
becoming one. Therefore, he bears many forms. When he turns aside, he comes into being seeking 
those things that do not exist. When he falls down to them in thought and knows them in another 
way because he is powerless, unless perhaps 46 he is enlightened, he becomes a product of nature. 
Thus he comes down to birth because of it and is speechless because of the pains and infiniteness 
of matter. Although he possesses an eternal and immortal power, he is bound within the 



21 8 



[movement] of the body. He is [made] alive and is bound [always] within cruel, cutting bonds by 
every evil breath, until he [acts] again and begins again to come to his senses. 

Therefore, powers are appointed for their salvation, and each one of them is in the world. Within 
the self-begotten ones corresponding to each of the [aeons] stand glories so that one who is in the 
[world] might be safe beside them. The glories are perfect thoughts appearing in powers. They do 
not perish because they [are] models for salvation [by] which each one is saved. He receives a 
model (and) strength from each of them, and with the glory as a helper he will thus pass out from 
the world [and the aeons ...]. 

These 47 are the guardians of the immortal soul: Gamaliel and Strempsouchos, Akramas and Loel, 
and Mnesinous. [This is the] immortal spirit, Yesseus- Mazareu[s]-Ye[s]sedekeus. He is [...] of the 
child [...] or, the child of the child, and [...] But Ormos is [...] on the living seed and Kam[...]el is the 
spirit-giving. There stand before [them] Seisauel and Audael and Abrasax, the myriads-Phaleris, 
Phalses, [and] Eurios, the guardians of [the] glory-Stetheus, Theo[pe]mptos, Eurumeneus and 
Olsen. Their assistants in everything are Ba[...]mos, [.]son, Eir[.]n, Lalameus, Eidomeneus and 
Authrounios. The judges are Sumphthar, Eukrebos and Keilar. The inheritor is Samblo. The angels 
who guide the clouds are the clouds Sappho and Thouro." 

When he had said these things, he told me about all of those in the self-begotten aeons. They were 
all 48 eternal Lights, perfect because they were perfected individually. I saw corresponding to 
each one of the aeons a living earth, a living water, [air made] of light and a fire [that] cannot 
burn, because all of [them ...] are simple and immutable, simple and eternal [living beings], having 
[...] of many kinds, trees of many kinds that do not perish, [also] tares of this sort and all of these: 
imperishable fruit, living men and every species, immortal souls, every form and species of mind, 
true gods, angels existing in great glory, an indissoluable body, an unborn birth and an 
immovable perception. Also there was the one who suffers, although he is unable to suffer, for he 
was a power of a power. 

49 [...] [...] change [...] indissoluable [...] these [...] all [...] they are [...] they [... through all] of them 
[... exist] in [... exist] [...] come into being (1 line unrecoverable) (lines 12ff do not survive) 50 of [...] 
[simple ...] perfect [...] eternal [...] aeons [...] and the [...] receive power [...] and their [...] in a [...] for 
[...] [...] not [...] (lines 12ffdo not survive) 

51 [...] in [...]thorso[...]s [...] silence [...] he is [...] [...] he is god [...] we were blessing [...] Geradama 
[s] [... mother] of [...] [...] she is the glory [...] our [...] mother [...] and Pleistha [the mother] of the 
angels with [the son] of Adam, Se[th] [Emma]cha Seth, the father of [the] immovable [race ...] and 
[...] [the] four Lights, Arm[mosel], [Oroia]el, Daveithe, Eleleth. [Each of these] we blessed by name. 
[We] saw the self-controlled [glory], the triple [...] triple-male [...] majesty, as we said "You are one, 
you are [one], you are one, child 52 of [the child] Yato[...] exist [...] (1 line unrecoverable) [... you are] 
one, you [...] Semelel [...] Telmachae[...] omothem[...] male [...] [...] he begets [... the] self-controlled 
[glory ...] can desire him whom [...] all-perfect [...] all. Akron [...] the triple-male, a a [...] o o o o o b 
+ i r e i s e [...] you are spirit from spirit; you are light from light; you are [silence ...] from silence; 
[you are] thought from thought, the son of [god] the god, seven ... [...] ... let us speak [...] 

53 (3 lines unrecoverable) [...] word [...] the [...] [...] and the [...] (1 line unrecoverable) [...] not a time 
[...] invisible Barbelo [...] the [...] the triple-male Prones, and she who belongs to all the glories, 
Youel. 

[When I was] baptized the fifth [time] in the name of the Autogenes by each of these powers, I 
became divine. [I] stood upon the fifth aeon, a preparation of all [these], (and) saw all those 
belonging to the Autogenes who really exist. I was baptized five 54 times [...] and [...] of the [...] 
zareu[s] from [...] that [...] perfect [...] and the great [...] glory, she who belongs to [...] (1 line 
unrecoverable) god, the [...] appear [...] perfect which is doubled [...] she who belongs to all the 
species [...] male, the self-controlled glory, the mother [...] [the] glories, Youel, and the [four] Lights 
of [the] [great] Protophanes, Mind, Selmen, [and those] with him, the god-[revealers] Zach[thos] 
and Yachthos, Sethe[us] and An-tiphan[te]s, [Sel-] dao and Ele[n]nos [...] 55 [...] [...] go [...] the [...] 
their [...] likeness [... exist] as [...] of the [...], for [...] see [...] [...] aeon [...] more [...] Light [...] more 
glories [...] the following are in accordance with [each one] of the aeons: a living [earth] and a 



bis 



[living] water, and air made of light and a blazing fire which cannot [burn], and living beings and 
trees and souls [and] minds and men [and] all those who are [with them], but (there are) no gods 
[or] powers or angels, for all these 56 are [...] and [...] and [...] exist [...] all [...] all [...] [...] all [...] [...] 
they being [...] and they being [...] [...] and [...] [and] those [...] him, the Autogenes. [I] received a 
likeness from [all] these. The aeons [of the] Autogenes opened (and) a [great Light] came forth [...] 
from the aeons of the [triple-] male, and they [glorified] them. The four aeons were desiring within 
a [...] aeon the [...] pattern [...] single one existing [...] Then E[phesek], the child of the child [...] 

57 (4 lines unrecoverable) [... Yesseus] Maza [reus Yessede]keus [...] [...] of [... seal ...] upon him [...] 
and Gabriel (1 line unrecoverable) [...] seal [...] four races 

There came before me she who belongs to [the glories], the male and [virginal ...] Yoel. [I] 
deliberated about the crowns, (and) she said to me, "Why [has] your spirit deliberated [about] the 
crowns and the [seals] on them [...] are the crowns which strengthen every [spirit ...] and every 
soul, and [the] seals which are [upon] the triple races and [...] the invisible spirit 58 are [...] 
(3 lines unrecoverable) and [...] [virgin ...] [...] and [...] [...] seek [...] [„.]in the[...] [in] them [...] [...] and 
[...] [...] he [strengthened] and the seals [...] race are those belonging to the Autogenes and the 
Protophanes and the Kalyptos. 

The [Invisible] Spirit [is] a psychic and intellectual power, a knower and a fore-knower. Therefore 
he is with [Gabriel] the spirit-giver [so that] when he gives a holy spirit he might seal him with the 
crown and crown him, [having] gods [...] 

59 [...] [...] the (2 lines unrecoverable) [...] the (1 line unrecoverable) [...] [...] spirit [...] to one (fern.) (1 
line unrecoverable) [...] they exist [...] and they were not [in] them in order that they might [become] 
simple and [might] not be doubled [according to] any pattern. [These] then are the simple, perfect 
individuals. [...] and all these [...] of the aeons [...] him, all these [...] who exist in a place [...] all- 
perfect it required a great [...] to see them, for [...] 

60 (3 lines unrecoverable) perfect [...] (2 lines unrecoverable) [...] every [...] exist [...] he is [...] [hear] 
him [...] [...] and [...] in thought [...] a first thought [...] since [...] is in a power she is perfect [...] it is 
fitting for you to [...] about everything, and [...] those to whom you will listen through a thought of 
those higher than perfect and also those whom you will [know] in a soul [of] the perfect ones." 

[When] she has said this, she [baptized me] 

61 (6 lines unrecoverable) [...] the first [... and] I received power (1 line unrecoverable) [... I] received 
the form [...] received [...] [...] existing upon my [...] receive a holy spirit [I] came into being [really] 
existing. Then, she brought me into the great [aeon] where the perfect triple-male (is). I saw the 
invisible child within an invisible Light. Then [she] baptized me again in 

62 (4 lines unrecoverable) [...] her [...] (1 line unrecoverable) [and] I [...] I was able to [...] [...] the great 
one [...] and perfect [...] 

Yoel who belongs to all [the glories] said to me, "You have [received] all the [baptisms] in which it 
is fitting to [be] baptized, and you have become [perfect] [...] the hearing of [...] all. Now [call] 
again upon Salamex and [...] and the all-perfect Ar[...] the Lights of the [aeon] Barbelo and the 
immeasurable knowledge. They will reveal 

63 [...] [...] invisible (3 lines unrecoverable) [...] which [...] [... virgin] Barbelo [and] the Invisible 
[triple] powerful Spirit." 

[When] Youel who belongs to all the glories [had said this] to me, she [put me down] and went 
and stood before the Protophanes. Then, I was [...] over my spirit, [while] praying fervently to the 
great Lights in thought. I began calling upon Salamex and Se- [„.]en and the all-perfect [...]e. I saw 
glories which are greater than powers, [and] they annointed me. I was able 

64 [...] in my [...] and[...] (2 lines unrecoverable) she covered [...] all [...] Salamex [and] those [who] 
have revealed everything [to me] saying, "Zostrianos, [learn] of those things about which you 
asked. (1 line unrecoverable) and [he is] a single one [who] exists before [all] these who really exist 
[in the] immeasurable and undivided Spirit [...] [...] the All which [exists] in him and the [...] [...] 
and that one which [...] after him. It is he alone who crosses it [...] 



65 (4 lines unrecoverable) [...] all these [...] he is [...] [...] first [...] [... of] thought [...] of every power [... 
downward] [...] he is established [...] stand, he [passes] into the pathway to a place [...] and 
infinite. He is far higher than every unattainable one, yet he gives [...] greater than any body (and) 
is purer than every unembodied one, entering every thought and every body [because he] is more 
powerful than everything, every race and species, as their All. 

66 [...] exist (4 lines unrecoverable) to a partial (...] [...] part [...] [exist] in a [...] know her [...] [...he is] 
from him [...] which really exists, who (is) from the Spirit who [really] exists, the one alone [...] for 
they are powers of [...] Existence [...] and Life and Blessedness. 

In Existence he exists [as] a simple head, his [word] and species. Let the one who will find him 
come into existence. Existing in Life, he is alive [...] 

67 (2 lines unrecoverable) [he having] knowledge [...] know all these [...] him alone [...] for god [...] 
unless [...] [...] alone, and he [...] [...] in him [...] [...] the single [...] [...] for he exists as [...] [in] that 
which is his, which [exists] as a form of a form, [...] unity of the [...]. He exists as [the] [...] since he 
is in [the] mind. He is within it, not coming forth to any place because he is a single perfect, simple 
spirit. [Because] it is his place and [...], it is within him and the All that he comes into being. It is he 
who exists, he who 68 [...] [...] and a [...] and a [protector] in him. 

Life [...] and activity of the insubstantial [...] the [...] which exists in him [exists] in him [...] exists 
because of [him ...] blessed and a [...] perfect, and [...] which exist in [...] which really exists. The 
form of the activity which exists is blessed. By receiving Existence, he receives power, the [...] a 
perfection [...] separate forever. Then he exists as a perfect one. Therefore, he exists as a perfect one 
because he is undivided with his own region, for nothing exists before him except the [perfect] 
unity. 

(Pages 69-72 are blank; they may have been numbered.) 

73 existence [...] [...] she is salvation [...] [all ...] and he [...] [...] be able, nor does he [...] [...] him, if 
he [...] him to him, all these [...] [...] for he [who] [...] in existence [...] this one, he totally [exists] as 
Life, and in Blessedness he has knowledge. If he apprehends the [glories], he is perfect; but if he 
apprehends [two] or one, he is drunk, as he has received [from] him. It is because of [him] that 
there exist those with souls and those without souls; because of him (exist) those who will be 
saved; because of him (exist) those who will [perish] since they have not [received] from him; 
because of [him] (exists) matter and bodies; because of him (exist) non- 74 [...] [because of] him [...] 
every [...] because of [...] [...] this one [...] who [pre-] exists and he [...] [...] a [simple] head, [a] single 
spirit [...] he is [...], and [...] existence, form, [...] [...] of him. 

It is [in accordance with] Activity, that is [...] Life, and in accordance with perfection, that is 
intellectual power, that she is a [...] Light. It is at one time that the three stand, at one time they 
move. It is in every place yet not in any place that the ineffable unnameable one [...] and produces 
them all. [...] exist from him[...] resting in him [...] in her perfection he has not received from 
[every] form 75 because of him (2 lines unrecoverable) [...] anything [...] (2 lines unrecoverable) [...] in 
existence [...] dwell in the [...] of life. But in perfection and [knowledge] (is) Blessedness. 

All [these] dwell [in the] indivisibility of [the] Spirit. Because of knowledge [...] is [divinity] and 
[...] and blessedness and life and knowledge and goodness and unity and singleness. In short, all 
these (are) the purity of barrenness [...] pre-exists him [...] all these and the 

76 [...] his [...] [...] in [...] (4 lines unrecoverable) aeon, a [...] in a [...] barrenness, he [...] he always [...] 
him when he saw him [...] It is because he [is] one that he is simple. Because he is Blessedness in 
perfection [...] one, perfect and [blessed]. It is because she was in need of his [...] that she was in 
need of this from him, because he followed [her] with knowledge. It is outside of him that his 
knowledge dwells; it dwells with the one who examines himself, a reflection and a [...] 77 [...] be in 
need of [...] (1 line unrecoverable) [...] simple (1 line unrecoverable) [...] and [...] he [...] [...] this, she [...] 
[...] the pleroma [...] which she did not desire for herself. 



eei 



She has [...] him outside of the [perfection], she has divided, for she is [the] all-perfection [of] 
perfection, existing as thought. With respect to him [she] is a begetting which follows him, and as 
one from his ineffable power she has a first power and the first bar-reness after him, because with 
respect to all the rest a first aeon 

78 (3 lines unrecoverable) [all ...] (1 line unrecoverable) [...] of the [...] [...] and him [...] know him, he 
really exists as an aeon [...] and in Activity [...] power and a [...] she did not begin [...] time, but she 
[appeared] from eternity, having stood before him in eternity. She was darkened by the majesty of 
his [...] She stood looking at him and rejoicing because she was filled with his kindness, [...] but 
when she had [...] 

79 (5 lines unrecoverable) [...] she [...] [...] first existence [...] insubstantial and that [....] It is [from] the 
undivided one that [it] moves toward Existence in activity and [intellectual] perfection and 
intellectual life, which was Blessedness and Divinity. 

The [whole] Spirit, perfect, simple and invisible, has become singleness in Existence and activity 
and a simple triple- [power], an invisible spirit, an image of that which really exists, the one 

80 (5 lines unrecoverable) of the really [existing] one [...] [he] exists in a [...] she being an image [...] 
in a turning [...] power to join with his [...] she having seen the [...] which existed [...] all-perfection 
[...] that one, because he [...] pre-exist and [...] rest upon all these, he [...] pre-exist being known as 
triple-powerful. 

The Invisible Spirit has not ever [been) ignorant. He always knew, but he was always perfection 
[and] blessedness [....] 81 She became ignorant [...] and she [...] body and [...] promise [...] light [...] 
[...] she exists [...] [...] in order that she might not come forth anymore nor come into existence 
apart from perfection. She knew herself and him. Having made herself stand, she was at rest 
because of him, since she was [from] him who really exists, {she was from him who really exists) 
and all those. (Thus), she knows herself and him who pre-exists. 

By following him they came into being existing { they came into being existing) and appearing 
through those 82 [who pre-]exist. And [...] through the [...] they having appeared [...] two [...] they 
appeared [... the one] who knows him beforehand, as an eternal space, since he had become his 
second knowledge, once again the knowledge of his knowledge, the unborn Kalyptos. [They] 
stood upon him who really exists, for she knew about him, in order that those who follow her 
might come into being having a place and that those who come forth (from her) might not be 
before her but might become holy (and) simple. She is the comprehension of god 83 who pre- 
exists. She] rested [...] to the simple [...] salvation salvation [...] [...] he [...] [...] light which was 
fore- [known]. She was called Barbelo because (of her being) thought; the triple [race] (which is) 
male, virginal (and) perfect and her knowledge through which she came into being in order that 
they might not [...] her down and that she might not come forth anymore through those in her and 
those who follow her. Rather, she is simple in order that she might be able to know the god who 
pre-exists because she came into being as a good (product) of him since she (1 line unrecoverable) 

84 [...] barrenness [...] third [...] two [...] of this way [...] [...] and male [...] (1 line unrecoverable) [...] 
and the [...] barrenness [...] [...] she is a second [...] she stood [...] first of the reality [which] really 
exists [...] [...] the blessedness [...] of the Invisible [Spirit], the knowledge [...] the first existence in 
the simplicity of the Invisible Spirit in the unity. It is in that pure singleness that he is similar and 
[...] species. And he who [...] exist [...] 

85 (6 lines unrecoverable) [...] and knows [...] and the [...] and the [perfection] and [...] produces and 
[...] the first Kalyptos [...] them all, existence and activity, divinity, race and species. 

But are powers one? In what way (is it) that he is one, that is, not a partial one, but (one of) those 
of the All? What is the unity which is unity? Is he from [...] activity [...] life and [...] of [...]. And [...] 

86 (7 lines unrecoverable) power [...] as [...] [...] perceptible [...] [...] all-perfect [...] [...] she having 
spoken, [...] "You are great, Aphr[edon]. You are perfect, Neph[redon]." To his existence she says, 
"You are great, Deipha[...]. She [is] his activity and life and divinity. You are great, Harmedon [...], 
who belongs to all the glories, Epiph[a- and his blessedness and the perfection [of] the singleness 
[...] all [...]" 



87 (6 lines unrecoverable) [...] forever [...] intellectual [... perfect] [the virgin Barb]elo through the 
simplicity of the blessedness of the triple powerful Invisible Spirit. She who has known him has 
known herself. And he, being one everywhere, being undivided, having [...] has [...] and she has 
known [herself as] his activity [...] and he has known [...] knowledge [...] within 

88 [...] (7 lines unrecoverable) bless [...] [...] Be[ritheus, Erignaor], Or[imeni]os, Ar[amen], Alphl[ege] 
s, Elilio[upheus], Lalamenu[s], Noetheus [...] great is your name [...] it is strong. He who knows (it) 
knows everything. You are one, you are one, Siou, E[...], Aphredon, you are the [aeon] of the aeons 
of the perfect great one, the first Kalyptos of the [...] activity, and [...] he is [...] his image [...] of his, 
he[...] 

89 [...] (7 lines unrecoverable) [...existence] [...] and he (2 lines unrecoverable) [...] in [...the glory] [...] 
glories [...] a [...] in (3 lines unrecoverable) [...] aeon (3 lines unrecoverable) 

90 (8 lines unrecoverable) exist [...] (2 lines unrecoverable) [and (3 lines unrecoverable) [blessed ...] (1 
line unrecoverable) [perfect...] (7 lines unrecoverable) 

91 (8 lines unrecoverable) [...] god (3 lines unrecoverable) [...] first [...] and powers [... all-perfect] they 
are [...] of all these and a cause of [them] all, a [...] Barbelo (1 line unrecoverable) [...] him and [...] all 
these [...] he not having [...] and his [...] become [...] but 

92 [...] (8 lines unrecoverable) of [...] (1 line unrecoverable) [and ...] (2 lines unrecoverable) and a [...] in a 
[...] according to the [thought] which really [exists ...] which exists as [...] name [...] (1 line 
unrecoverable) Kalyptos [...] the [...] triple [...] (1 line unrecoverable) but [...] 93 name him. 

All these come, as it were, from him who is pure. If you give glory because of him, and if you [...] 
existence [...] his [...]a [...] simple (2 lines unrecoverable) [...] he will (1 line unrecoverable) [...] that one 
[... know] him (1 line unrecoverable) [...] perfect he being [... perfect] and [...] [...] perfect (1 line 
unrecoverable) [...] his (1 line unrecoverable) [...] him [...] to the (1 line unrecoverable) 

94 he was not able to see her. Therefore, it is impossible to receive him in this way in majestic 
purity as a perfect head of [him who] is in [...] [...] which [... know] him concerning [...] say it [...] (2 
lines unrecoverable) which [...] (2 lines unrecoverable) which [...] for (1 line unrecoverable) [... exist] 
together [...] and [...] (5 lines unrecoverable) nor [...] 

95 differences between these and angels, and differences between these and men, and differences 
between these and existence. And [...] (1 line unrecoverable) [...] and [perception ] (2 lines 
unrecoverable) [...] really (1 line unrecoverable) for [...] the [perceptible] world [...] like (1 line 
unrecoverable) existence [...] for [...] and [...] (1 line unrecoverable) (lines 20ffdo not survive) 

96 will approach him in knowledge. He receives power, but he who is far from him is humbled." 
And I said, "Why then have the judges come into being? What [...] is the [suffering] of the [...] for 
(1 line unrecoverable) and [...] (2 lines unrecoverable) but [...] (1 line unrecoverable) through [...] who 
[...] suffering [...] through [...] the [...] [...] exists [...] she dwells [...] (2 lines unrecoverable) (lines 22ff, 
ca. 4 lines, do not survive) 

97 male, since she is knowledge [of] the triple powerful invisible great Spirit, the image of [the 
first] Kalyptos, the [blessedness] in the [invisible] Spirit, [...] the (1 line unrecoverable) [...] for [...] he 
knows (3 lines unrecoverable) [...] fill [...] she appears [...] knowledge [...] she stands [...] (3 lines 
unrecoverable) (lines 21ff, ca. 6 lines, do not survive) 

98 [...] a perfect unity of a complete unity, and when she divided the All [...] from the All [...] 
existence and [...] [...] the thoughts [...] (2 lines unrecoverable) [perception] (12 lines unrecoverable) 
(lines 22ff, ca. 5 lines, do not survive) 

99 [...] [existence ...] [...] in [...] which (1 line unrecoverable) knowledge (3 lines unrecoverable) [...] she 
blesses (4 lines unrecoverable) [...] which (1 line unrecoverable) [...] and (4 lines unrecoverable) (lines 
21ff, ca. 6 lines, do not survive) 

100 (5 lines unrecoverable) Arm[ozel (2 lines unrecoverable) is the [...] [through ...] power [...] (3 lines 
unrecoverable) which [...] (6 lines unrecoverable) (lines 22ff, ca. 4 lines, do not survive) 

101 [...] invisible [...] [...] that one [...] [... this] is the [...] (1 line unrecoverable) [...] form (2 lines 
unrecoverable) [...] of a (3 lines unrecoverable) [...] Kalyptos [...] undivided (6 lines unrecoverable) (lines 
20ff, ca. 4 lines, do not survive) 



102 [...] which exist [...] [...] the [...] (1 line unrecoverable) and [...] (4 lines unrecoverable) he [...] 

(3 lines unrecoverable) and [...] those [...] a [...] (3 lines unrecoverable) some [...] (2 lines unrecoverable) 
(lines 22ff, ca. 4 lines, do not survive) 

103 [...] origin [...] [which] really exists [...] [...] exist [... essence] [...] in [... this] is [...] the (5 lines 
unrecoverable) [...] they [...]not (1 line unrecoverable) [...] this (4 lines unrecoverable) (lines 20ff, ca. 6 
lines, do not survive) 

104 [...] she appears [...] of those who [...] [...] of the [...] and [...] this [...] the [...] (1 line 
unrecoverable) see [...] (5 lines unrecoverable) he[...] really [...] (1 line unrecoverable) that[...] and[...] (5 

lines unrecoverable) (lines 24ff, ca. 4 lines, do not survive) 

105 are those who [stand ...] the aeon of [...] come up to [...] [...] which exist in [...] he on the one 
hand [...] [...] he [...] one [...] an origin (1 line unrecoverable) [...] and [...] he [...] matter [...] single 

(1 line unrecoverable) [... exist] (2 lines unrecoverable) [...] which [...] and (1 line unrecoverable) 
(lines 22ff, ca. 4 lines, do not survive) 

106 [...] and he exists [...] he is [...] and [...] mark of a [...] [...] an [...] nor of [...] [...] he [...] which [...] 
(2 lines unrecoverable) and [...] (1 line unrecoverable) number [...] live [...] according to [...] which [...] 

(4 lines unrecoverable) which [...] (2 lines unrecoverable) (lines 23ff, ca. 4 lines, do not survive) 

107 them [...] [...] and [...] existence [...] [...] and the [...] exist as [...] reflection [...] first (1 line 
unrecoverable) [...] first [...] of the (2 lines unrecoverable) [...] he (9 lines unrecoverable) (lines 22ff, ca. 6 
lines, do not survive) 

108 [...] not, they giving [...] [...] he who exists [...] [...] all and he [...] a multitude [...] creation 

(1 line unrecoverable) and [...] (2 lines unrecoverable) the [...] (1 line unrecoverable) in the [...] these [...] 
the[...] of [...] alive [...] (4 lines unrecoverable) in [...] (1 line unrecoverable) 

(Pages 109-112 do not survive) 

113 and angels and daimons and minds and souls and living beings and trees and bodies and 
those which are before them: those of the simple elements of simple origins, and those which arein 
[...] and unmixed confusion, air [and] water and earth and number and yoking and movement and 
[...] and order and breath and all the rest. They are fourth powers which are [in] the fourth aeon, 
those which] are in the [...] and [...] perfect of [...] powers [...] powers [...] of [...] of [...] angels [of 
the] angels, souls [of the] souls, living beings [of the] living beings, trees [of] [the trees ...] [...] and 
[...] (2 lines unrecoverable) 114 his own. 

There are those who are as begotten, and those who are in an unborn begetting, and there are 
those who are holy and eternal, and the immutable ones in death and destruction in 
indestructibility; and there are those who are as All; there are those [who are] races and those who 
are [in] a world and order; there are those in [indestructibility], and there are the first [who stand] 
and the second [in] all of them. [All] those [who] are from them and [those who] are [in] them, and 
[from] these who [follow] them [...] (1 line unrecoverable) these [...] and [the] fourth aeons stood [...] 
[...] they existing [...] (2 lines unrecoverable) 

115 in them, he being scattered abroad. They are not crowded against one another, but to the 
contrary they are alive, existing in themselves and agreeing with one another, as they are from a 
single origin. They are reconciled because they are all in a single aeon of Kalyptos, [...] being 
divided in power, for they exist in accord with each of the aeons, standing in relationship to the 
one which has reached them. 

But Kalyptos is [a] single aeon; [he] has four different aeons. In accord with each of the aeons they 
have powers, not like first and second (powers), for all these [are] eternities, [but] they are 
different [...] and order and glory [...] which exists [in ...] four aeons and [...] who pre-exists [...] 
god [...] [...] they are [...] (1 line unrecoverable) 

116 All of them exist in one, dwelling together and perfected individually in fellowship and filled 
with the aeon which really exists. There are those among them (who stand) as dwelling in essence 
and those (who stand) as essence in conduct or [suffering] because they are in a second, for the 
unengenderedness of the ungenerated one who really exists is among them. When the 
ungenerated have come into being, their power stands; there is an incorporeal essence with [an] 



imperishable [body]. The [immutable one] is [there] who [really ] exists. Because it transforms 
[through] change, the [...] in destructible fire stands with [all] [these ...] [...] one [...] 117 he stands. 
It is there that all living beings dwell, existing individually (yet) all joined together. The 
knowledge of the knowledge is there together with a setting up of ignorance. Chaos is there and a 
perfect place for all of them, and they are strange. True Light (is there), also enlightened darkness 
together with the one who does not really exist - [he] does not really exist. [...] the non-being who 
does not exist at all. But it is he, the Good, from whom derives the good and what is pleasant and 
the divine; (it is he) from [whom] comes God and he who [...], he who is great. For [...] in part [...] 
form and God that [...]and the one [...] [...] a god [...] [...] all these [...] [...] darkness [...] (1 line 
unrecoverable) 

118 and a race. He has not mixed with anything, but he remains alone in himself and rests himself 
on his limitless limit. He is [the] God of those who really exist, a seer and a revealer of God. 

When she had strengthened him who [knew her], the aeon Barbelo, the knowledge of the Invisible 
Triple Powerful Perfect Spirit, in order to [...] her, said, "He [...] a life. I am alive in [...] You, the 
One, are alive. He is alive, [he] who is three. It is you who are [the] three who are three 
[doubled ...] e e e. The first of seven [...] the third [...] the second [...] eeeeaaaaaaa [...] [...] two, 
but he [four ...] [...] knowledge [...] (1 line unrecoverable) (1 line unrecoverable) 

119 a part? What kind of mind, and what kind of wisdom? What kind of understanding, what 
kind of teaching? His Lights are named (as follows): the first [is Arme]don and she who is with 
him, [...]; the second is Diphane [... and] she who is with him, Dei- ph[a ...]; the third is [Malsed]on 
and she who is with him [...]; the fourth is [„.]s and she who is with him, Olmis. 

Kalyptos exists having [...] with his Form. He is invisible to all these so that they all might be 
strengthened by him [...] [...] he exists in [...] all-perfect because [he has] four existing (1 line 
unrecoverable) [...] nor according to a [...] alone [... B]arbelo [...] (2 lines unrecoverable) 

120 know him and the one who is set over a second. The first of the aeons is Harmedon, the father- 
glory. The second Light (is) one whom [he does] not [know], but all the [individuals], wisdom [...] 
exist in the fourth aeon who has revealed [himself] and all the glories. [The third] Light (is) he [...] 
not him, as the word of all [the forms] and that other [glory], understanding, [who is] in the third 
[aeon]. There are four in Malsedon and [...] nios. The fourth Light is the one who [...] of all the 
forms existing [...] a teaching and glory [...] and the truth of the [four aeons], Olmis, [...] and the 
[...] (2 lines unrecoverable) 121 fifth. 

The first (is the one) who is the second, that is, it is the all-perfect Kalyptos, for the four Lights 
exist. It is Kalyptos who has divided again, and they exist together. All who know those who exist 
as glories are perfect. This one [...] knows everything about them all is all-perfect. From him is 
every power, every one and their entire aeon, because they all come to him and they all come from 
him, the power of them all (and) the origin of them all. When he learned [of them], he became a 
[...] aeon and a ingenerateness. [...] other aeons [in ...]a[...] (2 lines unrecoverable) 

122 become a Barbelo, he becomes a first aeon because of the eternity of the Invisible Spirit, the 
second ingenerateness. 

These are all the glories: the limitless Aphredons, [...] the ineffables, the revealers, all the [...] 
immutables, the glory-revealers, the twice-revealed Marsedons, the limitless Solmises, the self- 
revealers who are [full] of glory, those who [wait for] glory, the blessers, the M[arse-] dons, the 
Kalyptoi who [...] the limits [...] upon the limits [...] those who exist [...] (3 lines unrecoverable) (Lines 
24ff, I or 2, do not survive) 123 ten thousand glories in them. 

Therefore, he is a perfect glory so that whenever he can join (another) and prevail, he exists as 
perfect. Thus, even if he enters into a body and a death (coming) from matter, they do not receive 
greater honor because of their all-perfectness from whom came all these, being perfect, together 
with those who are with him. Indeed, each of the aeons has ten thousand aeons in himself, so that 
by existing together he may become a perfect aeon. 

He exists in the [Blessedness] of the Triple [Powerful] Perfect Invisible [Spirit ...] silence [...] who 
became first [...] and the knowledge (3 lines unrecoverable) 



124 whole, a silence of the second knowledge, the first thought in the will of the Triple Powerful, 
because he commanded it to know him, so that he might become all-perfect and perfect in himself. 
By simplicity and blessedness he is known. [I received] goodness through that follower of the 
Barbelo aeon who gives being to himself. [...] is not the power, but she is the one who belongs to 
him. 

The aeons which really exist do so in silence. Existence was inactivity, and knowledge of the self- 
established Kalyptos was ineffable. Having come [from the] fourth, the [...] thought, the Proto 
[phanes], as (the) Perfect Male [Mind] (2 lines unrecoverable) 

125 he is his image, equal to him in power and glory but with respect to order higher than him, 
(yet not higher) in aeon. Like him he has all these (parts) living (and) dwelling together in one. 
Together with the aeon in the aeons he has a fourfold difference with all the rest who are there. 

But Kalyptos really exists, and with him is located she who belongs to all the glories, Youel, the 
male virgin glory, through whom are seen the all-perfect ones. Those who stand before him are 
the triple [...] child, the triple [...], the Autogenes [...] He has [...] in one [... the one] again who 
prevails over the [...] existing in [...] 126 of ten thousand- fold. 

The first aeon in him, from whom is the first Light, (is) Solmis and the god revealer, since he is 
infinite according to the type in the Kalyptos aeon and Doxomedon. The second aeon (is) 
Akremon the ineffable together with the second Light Zachthos and Yachtos. The third aeon is 
Ambrosios the virgin together with the third Light Setheus and Antiphantes. The fourth aeon is 
the blesser [...] race with [the] fourth Light [Seldao] and Elenos. 

The [...] him [...] [...] Arm[edon (1 line unrecoverable) 127 phoe zoe zeoe ze[...] zosi zosi zao zeooo 
zesen zes- en - the individuals and the four who are eight-fold are alive, eoooo eaeo - you who are 
before them, and you who are in them all. They are within the perfect male Armedon Protophanes 
of all those who dwell together. Since all the individuals were existing as perfect ones, the Activity 
of all the individuals appeared again as the divine Autogenes. 

He stands within an aeon because there are within him four different self -begotten aeons. The first 
aeon in him as the first Light (is) [Harmoze]l-Orneos-Euthrou- nios. [He] was called (1 line 
unrecoverable) 

[... The] second [aeon as] [the second Light is] [Oraiael ...]-udas[...]os, Ap[...] 128 Arros[...]. The 
third (aeon) of the third Light (is) Daveithe-Laraneus- Epiphanios-Eideos. The fourth (aeon) as the 
fourth Light (is) Eleleth-Kodere- Epiphanios-Allogenios. But as for all the rest who are in matter, 
they were all left (there). It was because of knowledge of greatness, audacity and power that they 
came into existence and comforted themselves. Because they did not know God, they shall pass 
away. Behold, Zostrianos, you have heard all these things of the gods are ignorant and (which) 
seem infinite to angels." 

I took courage and said, "I am [still ] wondering about the Triple Powerful Invisible Perfect Spirit: 
how he exists for himself, [how he causes] everything [...] who really exist [...] what is the [...] [...] 
and [...] [...] of [...] 129 very [...] they set [me] down (and) left. 

Apophantes and Aphropais, the Virgin-light, came before me and brought me into Protophanes, 
(the) great male perfect Mind. I saw all of them as they exist in one. I joined with them all (and) 
blessed the Kalyptos aeon, the virgin Barbelo and the Invisible Spirit. I became all-perfect and 
received power. I was written in glory and sealed. I received there a perfect crown. I came forth to 
the perfect individuals, and all of them were questioning me. They were listening to the loftiness 
of my knowledge. They were rejoicing and receiving power. When I again came down to the 
aeons of Autogenes, I received a true image, pure (yet) suitable for the perceptible (world). 

I came down to the aeon copies and came down here 130 to the airy-earth. I wrote three tablets 
(and) left them as knowledge for those who would come after me, the living elect. Then I came 
down to the perceptible world and put on my image. Because it was ignorant, I strengthened it 
(and) went about preaching the truth to everyone. Neither the angelic beings of the world nor the 
archons saw me, for I negated a multitude of [judgments] which brought me near death. 



EEE 



But an erring multitude I awakened saying, "Know those who are alive and the holy seed of Seth. 
Do not [show] disobedience to me. [Awaken] your divine part to God, and as for your sinless elect 
soul, strengthen it. Behold death here and seek the immutable ingenerateness, the [Father] of 
everything. He invites you, while they reprove you. Although they ill-treat 131 you, he will not 
abandon you. 

Do not baptize yourselves with death nor entrust yourselves to those who are inferior to you 
instead of to those who are better. Flee from the madness and the bondage of femaleness and 
choose for yourselves the salvation of maleness. You have not come to suffer; rather, you have 
come to escape your bondage. 

Release yourselves, and that which has bound you will be dissolved. Save yourselves so that your 
soul may be saved. The kind Father has sent you the Savior and given you strength. Why are you 
hesitating? Seek when you are sought; when you are invited, listen, for time is short. 

Do not be led astray. The aeon of the aeons of the living ones is great, yet (so also is) the 
[punishment] of those who are unconvinced. Many bonds and chastisers surround you. 132 Flee 
quickly before death reaches you. Look at the Light. Flee the Darkness. Do not be led astray to 
your destruction. 



Zostrianos 
Oracles of Truth of Zostrianos 
God of Truth 
Teachings of Zoroaster 



EB7 



The Letter of Peter to Philip 



CODEX VIII 

Translated by Frederik Wisse 

Selection made from James M. Robinson, ed., The Nag Hammadi Library, revised edition. HarperCollins, San Francisco, 1990. 

The Letter of Peter which he sent to Philip 

"Peter, the apostle of Jesus Christ, to Philip, our beloved brother and our fellow apostle, and (to) 
the brethren who are with you: greetings! 

Now I want you to know, our brother, that we received orders from our Lord and the Savior of the 
whole world that we should come together to give instruction and preach in the salvation which 
was promised us by our Lord Jesus Christ. But as for you, you were separate from us, and you did 
not desire us to come together and to know how we should organize ourselves in order that we 
might tell the good news. Therefore would it be agreeable to you, our brother, to come according 
to the orders of our God Jesus?" 

When Philip had received these (words), and when he had read them, he went to Peter rejoicing 
with gladness. Then Peter gathered the others also. They went upon the mountain which is called 
"the (mount) olives," the place where they used to gather with the blessed Christ when he was in 
the body. 

Then, when the apostles had come together, and had thrown themselves upon their knees, they 
prayed thus saying, "Father, Father, Father of the light, who possesses the incorruptions, hear us 
just as thou hast taken pleasure in thy holy child Jesus Christ. For he became for us an illuminator 
in the darkness. Yea hear us!" 

And they prayed again another time, saying, "Son of life, Son of immortality, who is in the light, 
Son, Christ of immortality, our Redeemer, give us power, for they seek to kill us!" 

Then a great light appeared so that the mountains shone from the sight of him who had appeared. 
And a voice called out to them saying, "Listen to my words that I may speak to you. Why are you 
asking me? I am Jesus Christ who am with you forever." 

Then the apostles answered and said, "Lord, we would like to know the deficiency of the aeons 
and their pleroma." And: "How are we detained in this dwelling place?" Further: "How did we 
come to this place?" And: "In what manner shall we depart?" Again: "How do we have the 
authority of boldness?" And: "Why do the powers fight against us?" 

Then a voice came to them out of the light saying, "It is you yourselves who are witnesses that I 
spoke all these things to you. But because of your unbelief I shall speak again. First of all 
concerning the deficiency of the aeons, this is the deficiency, when the disobedience and the 
foolishness of the mother appeared without the commandment of the majesty of the Father. She 
wanted to raise up aeons. And when she spoke, the Arrogant One followed. And when she left 
behind a part, the Arrogant One laid hold of it, and it became a deficiency. This is the deficiency of 
the aeons. Now when the Arrogant One had taken a part, he sowed it. And he placed powers over 
it and authorities. And he enclosed it in the aeons which are dead. And all the powers of the world 
rejoiced that they had been begotten. But they do not know the pre-existent Father, since they are 
strangers to him. But this is the one to whom they gave power and whom they served by praising 
him. But he, the Arrogant One, became proud on account of the praise of the powers. He became 
an envier and he wanted to make an image in the place of an image, and a form in the place of a 
form. And he commissioned the powers within his authority to mold mortal bodies. And they 
came to be from a misrepresentation, from the semblance which had merged." 

"Next concerning the pleroma: I am the one who was sent down in the body because of the seed 
which had fallen away. And I came down into their mortal mold. But they did not recognize me; 
they were thinking of me that I was a mortal man. And I spoke with him who belongs to me, and 
he harkened to me just as you too who harkened today. And I gave him authority in order that he 



£28 



might enter into the inheritance of his fatherhood. And I took [...] they were filled [...] in his 
salvation. And since he was a deficiency, for this reason he became a pleroma." 

"It is because of this that you are being detained, because you belong to me. When you strip off 
from yourselves what is corrupted, then you will become illuminators in the midst of mortal men." 

"And this (is the reason) that you will fight against the powers, because they do not have rest like 
you, since they do not wish that you be saved." 

Then the apostles worshiped again saying, "Lord, tell us: In what way shall we fight against the 
archons, since the archons are above us?" 

Then a voice called out to them from the appearance saying, "Now you will fight against them in 
this way, for the archons are fighting against the inner man. And you are to fight against them in 
this way: Come together and teach in the world the salvation with a promise. And you, gird 
yourselves with the power of my Father, and let your prayer be known. And he, the Father, will 
help you as he has helped you by sending me. Be not afraid, I am with you forever, as I previously 
said to you when I was in the body." Then there came lightning and thunder from heaven, and 
what appeared to them in that place was taken up to heaven. 

Then the apostles gave thanks to the Lord with every blessing. And they returned to Jerusalem. 
And while coming up they spoke with each other on the road concerning the light which had 
come. And a remark was made concerning the Lord. It was said, "If he, our Lord, suffered, then 
how much (must) we (suffer)?" 

Peter answered saying, "He suffered on our behalf, and it is necessary for us too to suffer because 
of our smallness." Then a voice came to them saying, "I have told you many times: it is necessary 
for you to suffer. It is necessary that they bring you to synagogues and governors, so that you will 
suffer. But he who does not suffer and does not [...] the Father [...] in order that he may [...]." 

And the apostles rejoiced greatly and came up to Jerusalem. And they came up to the temple and 
gave instruction in salvation in the name of the Lord Jesus Christ. And they healed a multitude. 

And Peter opened his mouth, he said to his (fellow) disciples, "Did our Lord Jesus, when he was in 
the body, show us everything? For he came down. My brothers, listen to my voice." And he was 
filled with a holy spirit. He spoke thus: "Our illuminator, Jesus, came down and was crucified. 
And he bore a crown of thorns. And he put on a purple garment. And he was crucified on a tree 
and he was buried in a tomb. And he rose from the dead. My brothers, Jesus is a stranger to this 
suffering. But we are the ones who have suffered through the transgression of the mother. And 
because of this, he did everything like us. For the Lord Jesus, the Son of the immeasurable glory of 
the Father, he is the author of our life. My brothers, let us therefore not obey these lawless ones, 
and walk in [...]." 

[...] Then Peter gathered together the others also, saying, "O, Lord Jesus Christ, author of our rest, 
give us a spirit of understanding in order that we also may perform wonders." 

Then Peter and the other apostles saw him, and they were filled with a holy spirit, And each one 
performed healings. And they parted in order to preach the Lord Jesus. And they came together 
and greeted each other saying, "Amen." 

Then Jesus appeared saying to them, "Peace to you all and everyone who believes in my name. 
And when you depart, joy be to you and grace and power. And be not afraid; behold, I am with 
you forever." 

Then the apostles parted from each other into four words in order to preach. And they went by a 
power of Jesus, in peace. 



BH3 



M e 1 c h i z e d e k 



CODEX IX 

Translated by Saren Giversen and Birger A. Pearson 

Selection made from James M. Robinson, ed., The Nag Hammadi Library, revised edition. HarperCollins, San Francisco, 1990. 

Jesus Christ, the Son of God [...] from (2 lines unrecoverable) 

... the aeons, that I might tell all of the aeons, and, in (the case of) each one of the aeons, that I 
might tell the nature of the aeon, what it is, and that I might put on friendship and goodness as a 
garment, O brother, [...] and (7 lines unrecoverable) 

... their end [...]. And he will reveal to them the truth [...] in (3 lines unrecoverable) 

... proverb(s) (lines 26-eop [=end of page], and first 2 lines of next page, unrecoverable) 

... at first in parables and riddles [...] proclaim them. Death will tremble and be angry, not only he 
himself, but also his fellow world-ruling archons, and the principalities and the authorities, the 
female gods and the male gods, together with the archangels. And (4 lines unrecoverable) 

... all of them, [...] the world-rulers [...], all of them, and all the [...], and all the [...]. 

They will say [...] concerning him, and concerning [...] and (2 lines unrecoverable) 

... they will [...] hidden mysteries (lines 27-eop, and first 2 lines of next page, unrecoverable) 

... out of [...] the All. They will [...] this. The lawyers will bury him quickly. They will call him 

'impious man', 'lawless', 'impure 1 . And on the third day, he will rise from the dead (lines 12- 

eop, and first 3 lines of next page, unrecoverable) 

... holy disciples. And the Savior will reveal to them the world that gives life to the All. 

But those in the heavens spoke many words, together with those on the earth, and those under the 
earth (lines 11-eop unrecoverable) 

... which will happen in his name. Furthermore, they will say of him that he is unbegotten, though 
he has been begotten, (that) he does not eat, even though he eats, (that) he does not drink, even 
though he drinks, (that) he is uncircumcised, though he has been circumcised, (that) he is 
unfleshly, though he has come in the flesh, (that) he did not come to suffering, <though> he came 
to suffering, (that) he did not rise from the dead, <though> he arose from the dead. 

But all the tribes and all the peoples will speak the truth who are receiving from you yourself, O 
Melchizedek, Holy One, High-Priest, the perfect hope and the gifts of life. I am Gamaliel, who was 
sent to [...] the congregation of the children of Seth, who are above thousands of thousands, and 
myriads of myriads, of the aeons [...] essence of the aeons, aba[...] aiai ababa. O divine [...] of the 
[...] nature [...]! O Mother of the aeons, Barbelo! O first-born of the aeons, splendid Doxomedon 
Dom[...]! O glorious one, Jesus Christ! O chief commanders of the luminaries, you powers 
Armozel, Oroiael, Daveithe, Eleleth, and you man-of-light, immortal aeon Pigera-Adamas, and 
you good god of the beneficent worlds, Mirocheirothetou, through Jesus Christ, the Son of God! 
This is the one whom I proclaim, inasmuch as there has visited the One who truly exists, among 
those who exist [...] do(es) not exist, Abel Baruch - that you (sg.) might be given the knowledge of 
the truth [...], that he is from the race of the High-priest, which is above thousands of thousands, 
and myriads of myriads, of the aeons. The adverse spirits are ignorant of him, and (of) their (own) 
destruction. Not only (that, but) I have come to reveal to you the truth, which is within the 
brethren. He included himself in the living offering, together with your offspring. He offered them 
up as an offering to the All. For it is not cattle that you will offer up for sin(s) of unbelief, and for 
the ignorances, and (for) all the wicked deeds which they will do [...]. And they do not reach the 
Father of the All [...] the faith (20 lines unrecoverable) 

For the waters which are above [...] that receive baptism [...]. But receive that baptism which is 
with the water which [...], while he is coming (3 lines unrecoverable) 

... baptism as they (18 lines unrecoverable) 



E3D 



... pray for the offspring of the archons and all the angels, together with the seed <which> flowed 
forth from the Father of the All [...] the entire [...] from [...] there were engendered the gods and the 
angels, and the men [...] out of the seed, all of the natures, those in the heavens and those upon the 
earth and those under the earth (14 lines unrecoverable) 

... nature of the females [...], among those that are in the [...]. They were bound with [...] But this is 
not (the) true Adam nor (the) true Eve. 

For when they ate of the tree of knowledge, they trampled the Cherubim and the Seraphim with 
the flaming sword. They [...], which was Adam's, [...] the world-rulers, and [...] them out [...] after 
they had brought forth [...] offspring of the archons and their worldly things, these belonging to ... 

... (13 lines unrecoverable) 

... light [...]. And the females and the males, those who exist with [...] hidden from every nature, 
and they will renounce the archons [...] who receive from him the [...]. For they are worthy of [...] 
immortal, and great [...], and great [...], and great [...] sons of men [...] disciples [...] image, and [...] 

from the light [...] which is holy. For [...] from the beginning [...] a seed (lines 13-eop 

unrecoverable) 

But I will be silent [...], for we are the brethren who came down from the living [...]. They will [...] 

upon the (1 line unrecoverable) ... of Adam, [...], Abel, Enoch, Noah, [...] you, Melchizedek, the 

Priest of God Most High, [...] those who [...] women (lines 14-eop unrecoverable) 

... these two who have been chosen will at no time nor in any place will they be convicted, 
whenever they have been begotten, by their enemies, by their friends, nor by strangers, nor their 
(own) kin, (nor) by the impious, nor the pious. All of the adverse natures will [...] them, whether 
those that are manifest, or those that are not manifest, together with those that dwell in the 
heavens, and those that are upon the earth, and those that are under the earth. They will make war 
[...] every one. For [...], whether in the (3 lines unrecoverable) ... many (2 lines unrecoverable) 

And these in the [...] every one will [...]. These will [...] with every blow [...] weaknesses. These will 
be confined in other forms, and will be punished. These the Savior will take them away, and they 
will overcome everything, not with their mouths and words, but by means of the [...], which will 
be done for them. He will destroy Death. 

These things which I was commanded to reveal, these things reveal as I (have done). But that 
which is hidden, do not reveal to anyone, unless it is revealed to you (to do so)." 

And immediately, I arose, I, Melchizedek, and I began to [...] God [...] that I should rejoice (1 

line unrecoverable) ... while he is acting [...] living [...] I said, "I (2 lines unrecoverable) ... and I 

will not cease, from now on, forever, O Father of the All, because you have had pity on men, and 
you have sent the angel of light [...] from your aeons [...] to reveal [...]. When he came, he caused 
me to be raised up from ignorance, and (from) the fructification of death to life. For I have a name: 
I am Melchizedek, the Priest of God Most High; I know that it is I who am truly the image of the 
true High-Priest of God Most High, and [...] the world. For it is not a small thing that God [...] with 

[...] while he [...]. And [...] the angels that dwell upon the earth (2 lines unrecoverable) ... is the 

sacrifice of [...], whom Death deceived. When he died, he bound them with the natures which are 
leading them astray. Yet he offered up offerings [...] cattle, saying, "I gave them to Death, and the 
angels, and the [...] demons [...] living offering [...]. I have offered up myself to you as an offering, 
together with those that are mine, to you yourself, (O) Father of the All, and those whom you love, 
who have come forth from you who are holy (and) living. And <according to> the perfect laws, I 
shall pronounce my name as I receive baptism now (and) forever, (as a name) among the living 
(and) holy names, and (now) in the waters. Amen." 

Holy are you, Holy are you, Holy are you, O Father of the All, who truly exists, [...] do(es) not 
exist, Abel Baruch [...], for ever and ever, Amen. 

Holy are you, Holy are you, Holy are you, Mother of the aeons, Barbelo, for ever and ever, Amen. 

Holy are you, Holy are you, Holy are you, First-born of the aeons, Doxomedon [...], for ever and 
ever, Amen. 

Holy are you, Holy are you, Holy are you, (2 lines unrecoverable) ... for ever and ever, Amen. 

- E31 - 



Holy are you, Holy are you, Holy are you, (1 line unrecoverable) ... first aeon, Harmozel, for 

ever and ever, Amen. 

Holy are you, Holy are you, Holy are you, commander, luminary of the aeons, Oriael, for ever and 
ever, Amen. 

Holy are you, Holy are you, Holy are you, commander of the aeons, man-of-light, Daveithe, for 
ever and ever. Amen. 

Holy are you, Holy are you, Holy are you, commander-in-chief, Eleleth (1 line unrecoverable) ... 

the aeons (1 line unrecoverable) ... for ever and ever, Amen. 

Holy are you, Holy are you, Holy are you, good god of the beneficent words, ... Mirocheirothetou, 
for ever and ever, Amen. 

Holy are you, Holy are you, Holy are you, Commander-in-chief of the All, Jesus Christ, for ever 
and ever, Amen. 

... (1 line unrecoverable) ... blessed [...] confession. And [...] confess him [...] now [...], then it becomes 
[...] fear and [...], fear and [...] disturb [...] surrounding them [...], in the place which has a great 
darkness in it, and many [...] appear [...] there [...] appear (lines 23-eop unrecoverable) 

And [...] they were clothed with [...] all, and (6 lines unrecoverable) 

... disturbances. They gave [...] their words [...], and they said to me, "[...], Melchizedek, Priest of 

God Most High," [...] they spoke as though [...] their mouths [...] in the All (7 lines 

unrecoverable) ... lead astray (lines 25-eop unrecoverable) ... with his [...] worship, and [...] faith, 

and [...] his prayers, and (1 line unrecoverable) ... those that are his [...] first (2 lines 

unrecoverable) ... They did not care that the priesthood which you perform, which is from (1 

line unrecoverable) ... in the counsels of [...] Satan [...], the sacrifice [...] his doctrines (2 lines 

unrecoverable) ... of this aeon (4 lines unrecoverable) 

... which exist(s) in [...], lead(s) astray (lines 27-eop unrecoverable) ... and some (2 lines 

unrecoverable) ... he gave them to (1 line unrecoverable) ... and thirteen (lines 7-eop 

unrecoverable) ... throw him [...], in order that you might (1 line unrecoverable) ... for 

immediately, [...], by means of [...] on the ground. The (lines 7-eop unrecoverable) 

(pp.23-24 of the codex are almost completely missing) 

... men. And [...] you (pi.) struck me, [...] you threw me, [...] corpse. And you crucified me from the 
third hour of the Sabbath-eve until the ninth hour. And after these things, I arose from the dead, 

[...] came out of [...] into me, [...] my eyes saw [...], they did not find anyone (lines 13-eop 

unrecoverable) 

... greeted me [...]. They said to me, "Be strong, O Melchizedek, great High-priest of God Most 
High, for the archons, who are your enemies, made war; (but) you have prevailed over them, and 
they did not prevail over you, and you endured, and you destroyed your enemies. [...] of their [...] 
will rest in any [...] which is living (and) holy [...] those that exalted themselves against him in [...] 
flesh (lines 15-eop unrecoverable) 

"... with offerings, working on that which is good, fasting with fasts. These revelations, do not 
reveal to anyone in the flesh, since they are incorporeal, unless it is revealed to you (to do so)." 

When the brethren who belong to the generations of life had said these things, they were taken up 
to (the regions) above all the heavens. Amen. 



S3E 



The Thought of Norea 



CODEX IX 

Translated by Saren Giversen and Birger A. Pearson 

Selection made from James M. Robinson, ed., The Nag Hammadi Library, revised edition. HarperCollins, San Francisco, 1990. 

Father of All, Ennoia 22 of the Light, dwelling in the heights above the (regions) below, Light dwelling in the heights, 
Voice of Truth, upright Nous 23 , untouchable Logos 24 , and ineffable Voice, incomprehensible Father! 25 

It is Norea 26 who cries out to them. 27 They heard, (and) they received her into her place forever. They gave it to her in the 
Father of Nous, Adamas 28 , as well as the voice of the Holy Ones, in order that she might rest in the ineffable Epinoia 29 , in 
order that <she> might inherit the first mind 30 which <she> had received, and that <she> might rest in the divine 
Autogenes 31 , and that she (too) might generate herself, just as she also has inherited the living Logos 32 , and that she 
might be joined to all of the Imperishable Ones, and speak with the mind of the Father. 

33 And she began to speak with the words of Life 34 , and <she> remained in the presence of the Exalted One, possessing 
that which she had received before the world came into being 35 . She has the great mind of the Invisible One, and she 
gives glory to <her> Father, and she dwells within those who [...] within the Pleroma 36 , and she beholds the Pleroma. 

37 There will be days when she will behold the Pleroma, and she will not be in deficiency 38 , for she has the four holy 
helpers 39 who intercede on her behalf with the Father of the All, Adamas. He it is who is within all of the Adams 40 , 
possessing the thought of Norea, who speaks concerning the two names which create a single name. 



22 Ennoia is the Greek word for thought. 

23 Nous is the Greek word for Mind. In Hermetic and Gnostic writings, Nous often is used as a name or a description of the one true God. 

24 Logos is the Greek word often translated into English as Word. In the original Greek it is more of a reference to ratio, order, or logic, although language (hence 
'word') is also a valid choice. Logos, in Christological writings is usually assumed to refer to Christ. This assumption, however, is drawn into question when one 
observes the use of the word in the Hermetic and non-Christian Gnostic traditions, as "The Thought of Norea" is an example of. It should be read as the saving 
logic, or knowledge (gnosis) by which salvation is achieved. 

25 This part begins the Thought with an address to higher beings, formed as an invocation. Although Pearson details it as being to the divine Sethian triad of Father, 
Mother and Son, this does not seem so clear. Clearly more than one being is addressed, as Norea refers to "them" in line 3, and clearly the Son is addressed 
("Logos," line 2) and the Father ("Nous," line 2), but presumably the Ennoia and/or the Voice is meant to refer to the divine Mother. 

26 Norea, under many variations of spelling, is a frequent figure in Gnostic literature (cf. especially The Hypostasis of the Archons), under a great variety of 
circumstances, from the ark burning wife of Noah to the sister-wife of Seth. In this last capacity, in Sethian Gnosticism, she often appears as a female equivalent of 
his male savior figure. Here, however, she takes the position of savior alone. 

27 Begins the second segment in the Thought, where Norea is taken from this world into the divine world (the Pleroma), being her proper place. It is telling in that the 
higher powers do not receive her into their place, but into hers. She is brought into the thought of the mind, and there can speak with all the Imperishable Ones, 
being the higher powers themselves and all the saved. We see that she has inherited the Logos, which a Christian would read as receiving the Spirit of the Word, 
Christ, and she also becomes Autogenetic. Thus she, so to speak, is taken into the Godhead. 

28 Identified as "the Father of the AH" and "the Father of Nous" (or mind), Adamas is a name often used to refer to the father of all mankind. One will notice, though, 
that, unlike the Bringhamite Mormons, this does not imply that a man, Adam, is the father of all, or the father of God (Nous), for Adamas is present in all that Adams 
(see note, line 20). This is, instead, a transcendent being, a totality of thoughts, by which salvation is achieved, roughly equivalent to the Christian Holy Spirit. 

29 Epinoia: Although this annotator does not know from what Greek word this is derived, it evidently refers to the Pleroma once again, wherein Norea may find rest. 

30 First mind: refers once again to the Nous, being the first mind of God. The significance is that it points out once again that she has inherited the very mind of God. 

31 Autogenes is the Greek word meaning "self-begotten," in that the Creator is self-creating, and needs no external force to bring Him into being. In Hermetic and 
Gnostic writings it is often used as an alternate name for the one true God. The significance here is that, having been freed from the bonds of this corruptible world, 
Norea becomes "self-begotten," able to generate herself, showing the immortality of the soul and the fact that the appearance of creation is misleading. 

32 Living Logos: in Gnostic texts, the term "Living Christ", as opposed to simply "Christ," is used to refer to the secret or spiritual being, as opposed to the earthly or 
corruptible being. The use here may be construed as to refer to the immortal and spiritual Logos (note 3), as opposed to the Logos that manifests itself in the world 
which we may perceive. Norea has, thus, inherited the true knowledge of reality, not simply earthly knowledge as can be studied from experiences here on this 
plane. 

33 Part three: She has here received the very mind of God into herself, and simultaneously sees and is the Godhead, or Pleroma. 

34 Words of Life: Here, Pearson conjectures that the words of Life refer to the capacity to deliver salvation, and thus shows that Norea achieves the capacity to save 
mankind by virtue of her salvation. 

35 "that which she had received before the world came into being": refers to the immortality of the soul, and the concept that the soul, although it may believe or 
perceive itself to be apart from the Pleroma, in reality has received the mind of God (note 12), the living Logos, and the words of Life before this corruptible world 
came into being. 

36 Pleroma: The Pleroma is the word referring to the thirty highest Aeons, constituting the one true God, although it also refers to the beings that occupy those 
Aeons. This is how Norea may simultaneously see and be the Pleroma. Essentially, this word means what is thought of as the Godhead in Eastern culture. 

37 Fourth and final section of the Thought, wherein it speaks of Norea's salvation, and how it is aided. 

38 Deficiency: The concept of being in or out of deficiency is a common one in Gnostic writings, and refers to being filled or not filled with the spirit of God (or, 
among Christian Gnostics, Christ). One who is not filled with the spirit of God is deficient, and thirsts, and is not saved. The Norea perceives the Pleroma and is not 
deficient demonstrates that being one with the Godhead is salvation, and fills one with the spirit. 

39 Four holy helpers: Pearson identifies these helpers with the four "luminaries" of Sethian Gnosticism, Harmozel, Oroiael, Daveithe, and Eleleth. These beings are 
more detailed in Melchizedek, where it is seen that they are referred to as "commander" or "Commander-in-chief," and seem to fulfill a position somewhat similar to 
the Archangels in Christianty, although Melchizedek groups the "offspring of the Archons" with the offspring of "all the angels," and so the luminaries may be of a 
higher type. Here they are seen as entities aiding by intercession in Norea's continual salvation, thus implying that salvation is something that can be lost. 

40 Adams: Adam being the Hebrew for "man," should be read as meaning the reference here to the Adams as the mass of created humanity. That Adamas is 
present in all Adams shows that the transcendent totality of thoughts is present in all created mankind. 



233 



The Testimony of Truth 



CODEX IX 

Translated by Saren Giversen and Birger A. Pearson 

Selection made from James M. Robinson, ed., The Nag Hammadi Library, revised edition. HarperCollins, San Francisco, 1990. 

I will speak to those who know to hear not with the ears of the body but with the ears of the mind. 
For many have sought after the truth and have not been able to find it; because there has taken 
hold of them the old leaven of the Pharisees and the scribes of the Law. And the leaven is the 
errant desire of the angels and the demons and the stars. As for the Pharisees and the scribes, it is 
they who belong to the archons who have authority over them. 

For no one who is under the Law will be able to look up to the truth, for they will not be able to 
serve two masters. For the defilement of the Law is manifest; but undefilement belongs to the 
light. The Law commands (one) to take a husband (or) to take a wife, and to beget, to multiply like 
the sand of the sea. But passion, which is a delight to them, constrains the souls of those who are 
begotten in this place, those who defile and those who are defiled, in order that the Law might be 
fulfilled through them. And they show that they are assisting the world; and they turn away from 
the light, who are unable to pass by the archon of darkness until they pay the last penny. 

But the Son of Man came forth from Imperishability, being alien to defilement. He came to the 
world by the Jordan river, and immediately the Jordan turned back. And John bore witness to the 
descent of Jesus. For it is he who saw the power which came down upon the Jordan river; for he 
knew that the dominion of carnal procreation had come to an end. The Jordan river is the power of 
the body, that is, the senses of pleasures. The water of the Jordan is the desire for sexual 
intercourse. John is the archon of the womb. 

And this is what the Son of Man reveals to us: It is fitting for you (pi.) to receive the word of truth, 
if one will receive it perfectly. But as for one who is in ignorance, it is difficult for him to diminish 
his works of darkness which he has done. Those who have known Imperishability, however, have 
been able to struggle against passions [...]. I have said to you, "Do not build nor gather for 
yourselves in the place where the brigands break open, but bring forth fruit to the Father." 

The foolish - thinking in their heart that if they confess, "We are Christians," in word only (but) not 
with power, while giving themselves over to ignorance, to a human death, not knowing where 
they are going nor who Christ is, thinking that they will live, when they are (really) in error - 
hasten towards the principalities and authorities. They fall into their clutches because of the 
ignorance that is in them. For (if) only words which bear testimony were effecting salvation, the 
whole world would endure this thing and would be saved. But it is in this way that they drew 
error to themselves (3 lines unrecoverable) 

... they do not know that they will destroy themselves. If the Father were to desire a human 
sacrifice, he would become vainglorious. 

For the Son of Man clothed himself with their first-fruits; he went down to Hades and performed 
many mighty works. He raised the dead therein; and the world-rulers of darkness became envious 
of him, for they did not find sin in him. But he also destroyed their works from among men, so 
that the lame, the blind, the paralytic, the dumb, (and) the demon-possessed were granted healing. 
And he walked upon the waters of the sea. For this reason he destroyed his flesh from [...] which 
he [...]. And he became [...] salvation [...] his death (4 lines unrecoverable) 

... everyone [...] how many they are! They are blind guides, like the disciples. They boarded the 
ship; at about thirty stadies, they saw Jesus walking on the sea. These are empty martyrs, since 
they bear witness only to themselves. And yet they are sick, and they are not able to raise 
themselves. 

But when they are "perfected" with a (martyr's) death, this is the thought that they have within 
them: "If we deliver ourselves over to death for the sake of the Name we will be saved." These 



234 



matters are not settled in this way. But through the agency of the wandering stars they say they 
have "completed" their futile "course", and [...] say, [...]. But these [...] they have delivered 
themselves (7 lines unrecoverable) 

... but they resemble [...] them. They do not have the word which gives life. 

And some say, "On the last day we will certainly arise in the resurrection." But they do not know 
what they are saying, for the last day is when those belonging to Christ [...] the earth, which is [...]. 

When the time was fulfilled, he destroyed their archon of darkness [...] soul(s) (10 lines 

unrecoverable) 

... he stood [...] they asked what they have been bound with, and how they might properly release 
themselves. And they came to know themselves, who they are, or rather, where they are now, and 
what is the place in which they will rest from their senselessness, arriving at knowledge. These 
Christ will transfer to the heights, since they have renounced foolishness (and have) advanced to 
knowledge. And those who have knowledge (11 lines unrecoverable) 

... the great [...] resurrection [...], he has to come to know the Son of Man, that is, he has come to 
know himself. This is the perfect life, that man know himself by means of the All. 

Do not expect, therefore, the carnal resurrection, which is destruction; and they are not stripped of 
it (the flesh) who err in expecting a resurrection that is empty. They do not know the power of 
God, nor do they understand the interpretation of the scriptures, on account of their double- 

mindedness. The mystery which the Son of Man spoke about, [...], in order that [...] destroy (2 

lines unrecoverable) ... man who [...] book, which is written [...] for they have (1 line 

unrecoverable) ... blessed [...] within them, and they dwell before God under the light yoke. Those 
who do not have the life-giving word in their heart will die; and in their thought they have 
become manifest to the Son of Man, according to the manner of their activity and their error [...] of 
this sort. They [...] as he divides the [...], and they do not understand that the Son of Man is coming 
from him. 

But when they have come up to [...] sacrifice, they die in a human way, and they deliver 
themselves (2 lines unrecoverable) ... a death (3 lines unrecoverable) 

... those who [...], they are many [...], each one [...] pervert [...] gain [...] their mind. Those who 
receive him to themselves with uprightness and power and every knowledge are the ones whom 
he will transfer to the heights, unto life eternal. 

But those who receive him to themselves with ignorance, the pleasures which are defiled prevail 
over them. It is those people who used to say; "God created members for our use, for us to grow in 
defilement, in order that we might enjoy ourselves." And they cause God to participate with them 
in deeds of this sort; and they are not steadfast upon the earth. Nor will they reach heaven, but [...] 
place will [...] four (3 lines unrecoverable) ... unquenchable (3 lines unrecoverable) 

... word [...] upon the Jordan river, when he came to John at the time he was baptized. The Holy 
Spirit came down upon him as a dove [...] accept for ourselves that he was born of a virgin and he 
took flesh; he [...] having received power. Were we also begotten from a virginal state or conceived 
by the word? Rather, we have been born again by the word. Let us therefore strengthen ourselves 
as virgins in the [...]. 

The males dwell [...] the virgin, by means of [...] in the word [...]. But the word of [...] and spirit ... 

... (4 lines unrecoverable) 

... is the Father [...] for the man (1 line unrecoverable) ... like Isaiah, who was sawed with a saw, 

(and) he became two. So also the Son of Man divides us by the word of the cross. It divides the 
day from the night and the light from the darkness and the corruptible from incorruptibility, and 
it divides the males from the females. But Isaiah is the type of the body. The saw is the word of the 
Son of Man, which separates us from the error of the angels. 

No one knows the God of truth except solely the man who will forsake all of the things of the 
world, having renounced the whole place, (and) having grasped the fringe of his garment. He has 
set himself up as a power; he has subdued desire in every way within himself. He has [...] and he 
has turned to him [...], having also examined [...] in becoming [...] the mind. And he [...] from his 



B35 



soul [...] there [...] he has (1 line unrecoverable) ... in what way [...] the flesh which [...] in what 

way [...] out of it, and how many powers does he have? And who is the one who has bound him? 
And who is the one who will loose him? And what is the light? And what is the darkness? And 
who is the one who has created the earth? And who is God? And who are the angels? And what is 
soul? And what is spirit? And where is the voice? And who is the one who speaks? And who is 
the one who hears? Who is the one who gives pain? And who is the one who suffers? And who is 
it who has begotten the corruptible flesh? And what is the governance? And why are some lame, 
and some blind, and some [...], and some [...], and some rich, and some poor? And why are some 
powerless, some brigands? (4 lines unrecoverable) 

... he having [...] as he again [...], fighting against thoughts of the archons and the powers and the 
demons, not giving them a place in which to rest. But he struggled against their passions [...], he 
condemned their error. He cleansed his soul from the transgressions which he had committed 
with an alien hand. He stood up, being upright within himself, because he exists in everyone, and 
because he has death and life within himself, and he exists in the midst of both of them. And 
when he had received the power, he turned towards the parts of the right, and he entered into the 
truth, having forsaken all things pertaining to the left, having been filled with wisdom, with 
counsel, with understanding, and with insight and an eternal power. And he broke open his 
bonds. Those who had formed the whole place, he condemned. But they did not find [...] hidden 
within him. 

And he gave command to himself; he began to know himself and to speak with his mind, which is 
the father of the truth, concerning the unbegotten aeons, and concerning the virgin who brought 
forth the light. And he thinks about the power which flowed over the whole place, and which 
takes hold of him. And he is a disciple of his mind, which is male. He began to keep silent within 
himself until the day when he should become worthy to be received above. He rejects for himself 
loquacity and disputations, and he endures the whole place; and he bears up under them, and he 
endures all of the evil things. And he is patient with every one; he makes himself equal to every 
one, and he also separates himself from them. And that which someone wants, he brings to him, 
in order that he might become perfect (and) holy. When the [...], he grasped him, having bound 
him upon [...], and he was filled with wisdom. He bore witness to the truth [...] the power, and he 
went into Imperishability, the place whence he came forth, having left the world, which has the 
appearance of the night, and those that whirl the stars in it. This, therefore, is the true testimony: 
When man comes to know himself and God, who is over the truth, he will be saved, and he will 
crown himself with the crown unfading. 

John was begotten by the World through a woman, Elizabeth; and Christ was begotten by the 
world through a virgin, Mary. What is (the meaning of) this mystery? John was begotten by means 
of a womb worn with age, but Christ passed through a virgin's womb. When she had conceived, 
she gave birth to the Savior. Furthermore, she was found to be a virgin again. Why, then do you 
(pi.) err and not seek after these mysteries, which were prefigured for our sake? 

It is written in the Law concerning this, when God gave a command to Adam, "From every tree 
you may eat, but from the tree which is in the midst of Paradise do not eat, for on the day that you 
eat from it, you will surely die." But the serpent was wiser than all the animals that were in 
Paradise, and he persuaded Eve, saying, "On the day when you eat from the tree which is in the 
midst of Paradise, the eyes of your mind will be opened." And Eve obeyed, and she stretched forth 
her hand; she took from the tree and ate; she also gave to her husband with her. And immediately 
they knew that they were naked, and they took some fig-leaves (and) put them on as girdles. 

But God came at the time of evening, walking in the midst of Paradise. When Adam saw him, he 
hid himself. And he said, "Adam, where are you?" He answered (and) said, "I have come under 
the fig tree." And at that very moment, God knew that he had eaten from the tree of which he had 
commanded him, "Do not eat of it." And he said to him, "Who is it who has instructed you?" And 
Adam answered, "The woman whom you have given me." And the woman said, "It is the serpent 
who instructed me." And he (God) cursed the serpent, and called him "devil." And he said, 
"Behold, Adam has become like one of us, knowing evil and good." Then he said, "Let us cast him 
out of paradise, lest he take from the tree of life, and eat, and live forever." 



E3E 



But what sort is this God? First he maliciously refused Adam from eating of the tree of knowledge, 
and, secondly, he said "Adam, where are you?" God does not have foreknowledge? Would he not 
know from the beginning? And afterwards, he said, "Let us cast him out of this place, lest he eat of 
the tree of life and live forever." Surely, he has shown himself to be a malicious grudger! And 
what kind of God is this? For great is the blindness of those who read, and they did not know him. 
And he said, "I am the jealous God; I will bring the sins of the fathers upon the children until three 
(and) four generations." And he said, "I will make their heart thick, and I will cause their mind to 
become blind, that they might not know nor comprehend the things that are said." But these 
things he has said to those who believe in him and serve him! 

And in one place, Moses writes, "He made the devil a serpent <for> those whom he has in his 
generation." Also, in the book which is called "Exodus," it is written thus: "He contended against 
the magicians, when the place was full of serpents according to their wickedness; and the rod 
which was in the hand of Moses became a serpent, (and) it swallowed the serpents of the 
magicians." 

Again it is written (Nm 21:9), "He made a serpent of bronze (and) hung it upon a pole (1 line 

unrecoverable) ... which [...] for the one who will gaze upon this bronze serpent, none will destroy 
him, and the one who will believe in this bronze serpent will be saved." For this is Christ; those 
who believed in him have received life. Those who did not believe will die. 

What, then, is this faith? They do not serve (16 lines unrecoverable) 

... and you (pi.) [...] we [...] and you do not understand Christ spiritually when you say, "We 
believe in Christ". For this is the way Moses writes in every book. The book of the generation of 
Adam is written for those who are in the generation of the Law. They follow the Law and they 
obey it, and (1 line unrecoverable) ... together with the ... 

(pp. 51-54 of codex almost completely missing) 

... the Ogdoad, which is the eighth, and that we might receive that place of salvation." But they 
know not what salvation is, but they enter into misfortune, and into a [...] in death, in the waters. 
This is the baptism of death which they observe (6 lines unrecoverable) 

... come to death [...] and this is [...] according to (lines 19 through end-of-page unrecoverable) ... 

he completed the course of Valentinus. He himself speaks about the Ogdoad, and his disciples 
resemble the disciples of Valentinus. They on their part, moreover, [...] leave the good, but they 
have worship of the idols (8 lines unrecoverable) 

... he has spoken many words, and he has written many books [...] words (lines 16 through end- 
of-page unrecoverable) ... they are manifest from the confusion in which they are, in the deceit of the 
world. For they go to that place, together with their knowledge, which is vain. 

Isidore also, his son, resembled Basilides. He also [...] many, and he [...], but he did not [...] this [...] 

other disciple(s) [...] blind [...], but he gave them [...] pleasures (lines 16 through end-of-page 

unrecoverable) ... they do not agree with each other. For the Simonians take wives (and) beget 
children; but the [...] abstain from their [...] nature [...] a passion [...] the drops of [...] anoint them ... 

... (1 line unrecoverable) ... which we [...] they agree with each other [...] him [...] they (lines 14 

through end-of-page unrecoverable) ... judgment(s) [...] these, on account of the [...] them [...] the 
heretics [...] schism(s) [...] and the males [...] are men [...] will belong to the world-rulers of 

darkness (1 line unrecoverable) ... of the world (1 line unrecoverable) ... they have [...] the 

archons [...] power(s) (1 line unrecoverable) ... judge them [...]. But the [...] word(s) of (lines 

20 through end-of-page unrecoverable) ... speak, while they [...] become [...] in a fire unquenchable [...] 
they are punished. 

But these who are from the generation of the Son of Man have revealed to the [...] in all of the 

affairs (2 lines unrecoverable) ... But it is difficult to [...] to find one [...] and two (2 lines 

unrecoverable) ... For the Savior said to his disciples, [...] one in (lines 19 through end-of-page 

unrecoverable) ... and he has [...] wisdom, as well as counsel and understanding and intelligence 
and knowledge and power and truth. And he has some [...] from above [...], the place where the 
Son of Man (2 lines unrecoverable) ... power [...] guard against (lines 14 through end-of-page 



E37 



unrecoverable) ... he knows [...] understands (1 line unrecoverable) ... worthy of him [...] true [...] 

alien [...]. But [...], together with [...] evil, in (2 lines unrecoverable) ... he received baptism [...], 

and those that (lines 13 through end-of-page unrecoverable) 

(pp. 63-64 of codex missing) 

... in a dream [...] silver [...]. But [...] becomes wealthy [...] among the authorities (1 line 

unrecoverable) ... But the sixtieth [...], thus [...] world [...] they [...] gold (18 lines unrecoverable) 

... they think (1 line unrecoverable) ... we have been released from the flesh (1 line 

unrecoverable) ... not turn him to [...] Jesus (1 line unrecoverable) ... the beginning [...] a son ... 

... (1 line unrecoverable) ... out of [...], which is the pattern [...] light of (16 lines unrecoverable) 

... to find from [...] defilement which (1 line unrecoverable) ... they do not blaspheme [...] them 

not, neither is there any pleasure nor desire, nor can they control them. It is fitting that they 
should become undefiled, in order that they might show to every one that they are from the 
generation of the Son of Man, since it is about them that the Savior bore witness. 

But those who are from the seed of Adam are manifest by their deeds, which are their work. They 
have not ceased from desire which is wicked [...]. But some [...] the dogs [...] the angels for [...] 
which they beget [...] will come [...] with their (9 lines unrecoverable) 

... move as they [...] on the day when they will beget children. Not only that, but they have 
intercourse while they are giving suck. 

But others are caught up in the death of [...]. They are pulled <every> which way, (and) they are 
gratified by unrighteous Mammon. They lend money at interest; they waste time; and they do not 
work. But he who is father of Mammon is (also) father of sexual intercourse. 

But he who is able to renounce them shows that he is from the generation of the Son of Man, (and) 
has power to accuse them. [...] he restrains [...] part(s) in a [...] in wickedness, and he makes the 

outer like the inner. He resembles an angel which (1 line unrecoverable) ... power [...] said them. 

But the one (5 lines unrecoverable) 

And having withdrawn [...], he became silent, having ceased from loquacity and disputations. But 
he who has found the life-giving word, and he who has come to know the Father of Truth, has 
come to rest; he has ceased seeking, having found. And when he found, he became silent. But few 
are the things he used to say to those that [...] with their intellectual mind the [...]. 

There are some, who upon entering the faith, receive a baptism on the ground that they have it as 
a hope of salvation, which they call the "seal", not knowing that the fathers of the world are 
manifest (in) that place. But he himself knows that he is sealed. For the Son of Man did not baptize 
any of his disciples. But [...], if those who are baptized were headed for life, the world would 
become empty. And the fathers of baptism were defiled. 

But the baptism of truth is something else; it is by renunciation of the world that it is found. But 
those who say only with the tongue that they are renouncing it are lying, and they are coming to 
the place of fear. Moreover, they are humbled within it. Just as those to whom it was given to have 
been condemned, they shall get something! 

They are wicked in their behavior! Some of them fall away to the worship of idols. Others have 
demons dwelling with them, as did David the king. He is the one who laid the foundation of 
Jerusalem; and his son Solomon, whom he begat in adultery, is the one who built Jerusalem by 
means of the demons, because he received power. When he had finished building, he imprisoned 
the demons in the temple. He placed them into seven waterpots. They remained a long time in the 
waterpots, abandoned there. When the Romans went up to Jerusalem, they discovered the 
waterpots, and immediately the demons ran out of the waterpots, as those who escape from 
prison. And the waterpots remained pure thereafter. And since those days, they dwell with men 
who are in ignorance, and they have remained upon the earth. 

Who, then, is David? And who is Solomon? And what is the foundation? And what is the wall 
which surrounds Jerusalem? And who are the demons? And what are the waterpots? And who 
are the Romans? But these are mysteries (11 lines unrecoverable) 



E38 



... victorious over [...] the Son of Man [...] undefiled (3 lines unrecoverable) ... and he [...] when 

he [...]. For [...] is a great (1 line unrecoverable) ... to this nature (1 line unrecoverable) ... those 

that [...] all in a [...] blessed, and they [...] like a salamander. It goes into the flaming fire which 
burns exceedingly; it slithers into the furnace (13 lines unrecoverable) 

... the furnace (1 line unrecoverable) ... the boundaries [...], that they might see [...] and the 

power [...] sacrifice. Great is the sacrifice (2 lines unrecoverable) but in a [...] aside [...]. And 

the Son of Man [...], and he has become manifest through the bubbling fountain of immortality. ... 
... (1 line unrecoverable) ... he is pure, and he is [...]. A free man is not envious. He is set apart from 
everyone, from every audacity and envy the power of which is great [...] is (a) disciple [...] pattern 
of law [...] these [...] only (2 lines unrecoverable) 

... they placed him under a [...] a teaching (1 line unrecoverable) ... his teaching, saying, "Even if 

an angel comes from heaven, and preaches to you beyond that which we preached to you, may he 
be anathema," (Gal 1:8) not letting the [...] of the soul which [...] freedom [...]. For they are still 
immature [...] they are not able to keep this law which works by means of these heresies - though 
it is not they, but the powers of Sabaoth - by means of the [...] the doctrines [...] as they have been 
jealous of some [...] law(s) in Christ. Those who will [...] power [...] they reach the [...] the twelve 

judge [...] them [...] the fountain of immortality (3 lines unrecoverable) ... in order that (3 

lines unrecoverable) 

... good [...] the whole place. [...] there the enemies. He baptized himself, and the [...] he became 
divine; he flew up, (and) they did not grasp him. [...] there the enemies [...], since it was not 
possible for them to bring him down again. If every [...] grasps him with ignorance, attending to 
those who teach in the corners by means of carved things and artful tricks, they are not able [...]. 

(pp. 75-76 of codex missing) 



E39 



Mar sanes 



CODEX X 

Translated by Birger A. Pearson 

Selection made from James M. Robinson, ed., The Nag Hammadi Library, revised edition. HarperCollins, San Francisco, 1990. 

... (10 lines unrecoverable) 

... and a reward. They came to know; they found him with a pure heart, (and) they are not afflicted 
by him with evils. Those who have received you (pi.) will be given their choice reward for 
endurance, and he will ward off the evils from them. But let none of us be distressed and think in 
his heart that the great Father [...]. For he looks upon the All and takes care of them all. And he has 
shown to them his [...]. Those that ... (10 lines unrecoverable)... at first. 

But as for the thirteenth seal, I have established it, together with the summit of knowledge and the 
certainty of rest. The first and the second and the third are the worldly and the material. I have 
informed you concerning these, that you should [...] your bodies. And a sense-perceptible power 
will [...] those who will rest, and they will be kept from passion and division of the union. 

The fourth and the fifth, which are above, these you have come to know [...] divine. He exists after 
the [...] and the nature of the [...], that is, the one who [...] three. And I have informed you of [...] in 
the three [...] by these two. I have informed you concerning it, that it is incorporeal ... (1 line 
unrecoverable) ... and after [...] within [...] every [...] which [...] your [...]. The fifth, concerning the 
conversion of those that are within me, and concerning those who dwell in that place. 

But the sixth, concerning the self-begotten ones, concerning the incorporeal being which exists 
partially, together with those who exist in the truth of the All [...] for understanding and 
assurance. And the seventh, concerning the self-begotten power, which is the third perfect [...] 
fourth, concerning salvation and wisdom. And the eighth, concerning the mind, which is male, 
which appeared in the beginning, and (concerning) the being which is incorporeal and the 
intelligible world. The ninth, [...] of the power which appeared in the beginning. The tenth, 
concerning Barbelo, the virgin [...] of the Aeon. The eleventh and the twelfth speak of the Invisible 
One who possesses three powers, and the Spirit which does not have being, belonging to the first 
Unbegotten (fern.). The thirteenth speaks concerning the Silent One who was not known, and the 
primacy of the one who was not distinguished. 

For I am he who has understood that which truly exists, whether partially or wholly, according to 
difference and sameness, that they exist from the beginning in the entire place which is eternal, 
<i.e.> all those that have come into existence, whether without being or with being, those who are 
unbegotten, and the divine aeons, together with the angels, and the souls which are without guile, 
and the soul-garments, the likenesses of the simple ones. And afterwards, they have been mixed 
with [...] them. But still [...] the entire being [...] which imitates the incorporeal being and the 
unsubstantial (fern.). Finally the entire defilement was saved, together with the immortality of the 
former (fern.). I have deliberated, and have attained to the boundary of the sense-perceptible 
world. <I have come to know> part by part the entire place of the incorporeal being, and <I> have 
come to know the intelligible world. <I have come to know>, when <I> was deliberating, whether 
in every respect the sense-perceptible world is worthy of being saved entirely. 

For I have not ceased speaking of the Self-begotten One, O [...] became [...] part by part the entire 
place. He descended; again he descended <from> the Unbegotten One who does not have being, 
who is the Spirit. That one who exists before all of them reaches to the divine Self-engendered 
One. The one having being searches [...] and he exists [...] and he is like [...] and from [...] dividing 
[...] I became [...] for many, as it is manifest that he save a multitude. 

But after all of these things, I am seeking the kingdom of the Three-Powered One, which has no 
beginning. Whence did he appear and act to fill the entire place with his power? And in what way 
did the unbegotten ones come into existence, since they were not begotten? And what are the 



E4D 



differences among the aeons? And as for those who are unbegotten, how many are they? And in 
what respect do they differ from each other? 

When I had inquired about these things, I perceived that he had worked from silence. He exists 
from the beginning among those that truly exist, that belong to the One who exists. There is 
another, existing from the beginning, belonging to the One who works within the Silent One. And 
the silence [...] him works. For as much as this one [...], that one works from the silence which 
belongs to the Unbegotten One among the aeons, and from the beginning he does not have being. 
But the energy of that One <is> the Three-Powered One, the One unbegotten before the Aeon, not 
having being. And it is possible to behold the supremacy of the silence of the Silent One, i.e., the 
supremacy of the energy of the Three-Powered. And the One who exists, who is silent, who is 
above the heaven [...], revealed the Three-Powered, First-Perfect One. 

When he [...] to the powers, they rejoiced. Those that are within me were perfected together with 
all the rest. And they all blessed the Three-Powered, one by one, who is the First-Perfect One, 
blessing him in purity, everywhere praising the Lord, who exists before the All, [...] the Three- 
Powered. [...] their worship [...] myself, and I will still go on inquiring how they had become 
silent. I will understand a power which I hold in honor. 

The third power of the Three-powered, when it (fern.) had perceived him, said to me, "Be silent in 
order that you might know; run, and come before me. But know that this One was silent, and 
obtain understanding." For the power is attending to me, leading me into the Aeon which is 
Barbelo, the male Virgin. 

For this reason the Virgin became male, because she had been divided from the male. The 
Knowledge stood outside of him, because it belongs to him. And she who exists, she who sought, 
possesses (it), just as the Three-Powered One possesses (it). She withdrew from them, from these 
two powers, since she exists outside of the Great One, as she [...] who is above [...], who is silent, 
who has this commandment to be silent. His knowledge and his hypostasis and his activity are 
those things of which the power of the Three-Powered spoke, <saying>, "We all have withdrawn 
to ourselves. We have become silent, and when we came to know him, that is, the Three-Powered, 
we bowed down; we [...]; we blessed him [...] upon us." [...]. 

[...] the invisible Spirit ran up to his place. The whole place was revealed; the whole place 
unfolded <until> he reached the upper region. Again he departed; he caused the whole place to be 
illuminated, and the whole place was illuminated. And you (pi.) have been given the third part of 
the spirit of the power of the One who possesses the three powers. Blessed is [...]. He said, "O you 
who dwell in these places, it is necessary for you to know those that are higher than these, and tell 
them to the powers. For you (sg.) will become elect with the elect ones in the last times, as the 
invisible Spirits runs up above. And you yourselves, run with him up above, since you have the 
great crown which [...]. 

But on the day [...] will beckon [...] run up above [...] and the sense-perceptible [...] visible [...] and 
they ... 

(two pages missing, plus 14 lines at top of page after that) 

... the perception. He is for ever, not having being, in the One who is, who is silent, the One who is 
from the beginning, who does not have being [...] part of [...] indivisible. The [...] consider a ... 

(approx. 20 lines unrecoverable) 

...I was dwelling among the aeons which have been begotten. As I was permitted, I have come to 
be among those that were not begotten. But I was dwelling in the great Aeon, as I [...]. And [...] the 
three powers [...] the One who possesses the three powers. The three powers [...] the Silent One 
and the Three-Powered One [...] the one that does not have breath. We took our stand [...] in the ... 

(approx. 23 lines virtually unrecoverable) 

... who does not have breath, and he exists in a [...] completely. And I saw [...] him to the great 
(fern.) [...] they knew him ... (approx. 21 lines virtually unrecoverable) 

... is active [...] why, again, (does) knowledge [...] ignorant, and [...] he runs the risk [...] that he 
become ... (9 lines virtually unrecoverable) 



£41 



... those [...]. But it is necessary that a [...] does not have form [...] to this one [...] exists before [...] 
the thought [...] from the beginning [...] the one that ... (approx. 6 lines unrecoverable) 

... these [...] look(ed) at [...] in nine [...] the cosmic hebdomad [...] in a day of [...] for ever ... (8 lines 
unrecoverable) 

... and [...] after many years [...], when I saw the Father, I came to know him, and [...] many [...] 
partial [...] for ever [...] the material ones [...] worldly [...] above [...] in addition ... (approx. 18 lines 
unrecoverable) 

... out of [...] into those that [...] them into [...] name them. And (as for) their nomenclature, bear 
witness yourselves that you are inferior to their [...] and their hypostasis. But in addition, when ... 

(approx. 18 lines unrecoverable) 

... hidden [...] the third power. The blessed Authority (fern.) said [...] among these and [...], i.e., she 
who does not have [...]. For there is not glory [...] nor even the one who [...]. For indeed, the one 
who ... (approx. 18 lines unrecoverable) 

... and the signs of the Zodiac [...], and the [...], and [...] which do not have [...] acquire for [...] 
revolution [...]. But the soul(s) [...] there [...] body(s) of this [...] soul(s) of heaven [...] around [...] 
shape [...] which is ... (approx. 19 lines virtually unrecoverable) 

... all the likenesses [...] them [...] all the forms [...] shape(s), so that they [...] and become [...] 
themselves [...], and the [...] the animals [...], and the ... 

(2 pages missing) 

... there. But their powers, which are the angels, are in the form of beasts and animals. Some 
among them are polymorphous, and, contrary to nature, they have for their names which [...]. 
They are divided and [...] according to the [...] and [...] in form [...]. But these that are aspects of 
sound according to the third originate from being. And concerning these, all of these (remarks) are 
sufficient, since we have (already) spoken about them. 

For this division takes place again in these regions in the manner we have mentioned from the 
beginning. However, the soul, on the other hand, has different shape<s>. The shape of the soul 
exists in this form, i.e., (the soul) that came into existence of its own accord. The shape is the 
second spherical part, while the first allows it, eEiou, the self -begotten soul, aeEiouO . The second 
schema, eEiou, ... by those having two sounds (diphthongs), the first being placed after them ... (3 
lines unrecoverable) ... the light. 

Control yourselves, receive the imperishable seed, bear fruit, and do not become attached to your 
possessions. 

But know that the oxytones exist among the vowels, and the diphthongs which are next to them. 
But the short are inferior, and the [...] are [...] by them. Those that [...], since they are intermediate 
[...]. The sounds of the semivowels are superior to the voiceless (consonants). And those that are 
double are superior to the semivowels, which do not change. But the aspirates are better than the 
inaspirates (of) the voiceless (consonants). And those that are intermediate will accept their 
combination in which they are; they are ignorant of the things that are good. They (the vowels) are 
combined with the intermediates, which are less. Form by form, <they constitute> the 
nomenclature of the gods and the angels, not because they are mixed with each other according to 
every form, but only (because) they have a good function. It did not happen that <their> will was 
revealed. 

Do not keep on sinning, and do not dare to make use of sin. 

But I am speaking to you (sg.) concerning the three [...] shapes of the soul. The third shape of the 
soul is [...] is a spherical one, put after it, from the simple vowels: eee, iii, ooo, uuu, OOP . The 
diphthongs were as follows: ai, au, ei, eu, Eu, ou, Ou, oi, Ei, ui, Oi, auei, euEu, oiou, ggg, ggg, ggg, 
aiau, eieu, Eu, oiou, Ou, ggg, ggg, aueieu, oiou, Eu, three times for a male soul. The third shape is 
spherical. The second shape, being put after it, has two sounds. The male soul's third shape 
(consists) of the simple vowels: aaa, eee, EEE, iii, ooo, uuu, OOO, OOO, OOP . And this shape is 
different from the first, but they resemble each other, and they make some ordinary sounds of this 
sort: aeEoO . And from these (are made) the diphthongs. 



- E4E 



So also the fourth and the fifth. With regard to them, they were not allowed to reveal the whole 
topic, but only those things that are apparent. You (pi.) were taught about them, that you should 
perceive them, in order that they, too, might all seek and find who they are, either by themselves 
alone [...], or by each other, or to reveal destinies that have been determined from the beginning, 
either with reference to themselves alone, or with reference to one another, just as they exist with 
each other in sound, whether partially or formally. 

They are commanded to submit, for their part is generated and formal. (They are commanded) 
either by the long (vowels), or by those of dual time value, or by the short (vowels), which are 
small [...], or the oxytones, or the intermediates, or the barytones. 

And consonants exist with the vowels, and individually they are commanded and they submit. 
The constitute the nomenclature of the angels. And the consonants are self-existent, and as they 
are changed, <they> submit to the hidden gods by means of beat and pitch and silence and 
impulse. They summon the semivowels, all of which submit to them with one accord, since it is 
only the unchanging double (consonants) that coexist with the semivowels. 

But the aspirates and the inaspirates and the intermediates constitute the voiceless (consonants). 
Again [...] they are combined with each other, and they are separate from one another. They are 
commanded and they submit, and they constitute an ignorant nomenclature. And they become 
one or two or three or four or five or six, up to seven, having a simple sound, <together with> 
these which have two sounds, [...] the place of the seventeen consonants. Among the first names, 
some are less. And since these do not have being, either they are an aspect of being, or they divide 
the nature of the mind, which is masculine, (and) which is intermediate. 

And you (sg.) put in those that resemble each other with the vowels and the consonants. Some are: 
bagadazatha, begedezethe, bEgEdEzEthE, bigidizithi, bogodozotho, buguduzuthu, 
bOgOdOzOthO . And the rest [...] babebEbibobubO . But the rest are different: abebEbibob, in order 
that you (sg.) might collect them, and be separated from the angels. 

And there will be some effects. The first (fern.), which is good, is from the triad. It [...] has need 
of ... (1 line unrecoverable) ... their shapes. <The> dyad and the monad do not resemble anything, 
but they are first to exist. The dyad, being divided, is divided from the monad, and it belongs to 
the hypostasis. But the tetrad received (the) elements, and the pentad received concord, and the 
hexad was perfected by itself. The hebdomad received beauty, and the ogdoad received [...] 
ready ... (1 line unrecoverable) ... greatly. And the decad revealed the whole place. But the eleven 

and the twelve have traversed [...] not having [...] it is higher [...] seven (9 lines virtually 

unrecoverable) 

... promise that [...] begin to separate them by means of a mark and a point, the one which quarrels 
from the one which is an enemy. 

Thus [...] of being ... (1 line unrecoverable) ... the letters [...] in a holy or according to a bond existing 
separately. And <they> exist with each other in generation or in birth. And according to [...] 
generation, they do not have [...] these ... (10 lines unrecoverable) ... one [...] speaking the riddle. 

Because within the sense-perceptible world there exists the temple, which measures seven 
hundred cubits, and a river, which [...] within [...] for ever, they [...] three [...] to the four [...] seals 
[...] clouds, and the waters, and the forms of the wax images, and some emerald likenesses. 

For the rest, I will teach you (sg.) about them. This is the generation of the names. That (fern.) 
which was not generated [...] from the beginning (9 lines virtually unrecoverable) 

... time(s), when confined, when spread out, when diminished. But there exists the gentle word, 
and there exists another word which approaches, being [...] in this manner ... (1 line 
unrecoverable) ... And he [...] the difference [...] and the [...] the all and a [...] the undivided beings, 
and the power [...] having a share in the joy separately and [...], whether (7 lines unrecoverable) 

... power [...] he exists in every place, [...] them always. He dwells with the corporeal and the 
incorporeal ones. 

This is the word of the hypostasis that one should [...] in this way: if [...] with their [...] helping 
those who stir up the [...] manifest [...]. If one knows him, he will call upon him. 



243 



But there are words, some of which are two, but others existing separately ... (10 lines virtually 
unrecoverable) 

...or according to those that have duration. And these either are separate from them, or they are 
joined to one another or with themselves, either the diphthongs, or the simple vowels, or every [...] 
or [...] or [...] exist just as [...] exist [...] the consonants [...] they exist individually until they are 

divided and doubled. Some have the power [...] according the letters that are consonants (8 

lines virtually unrecoverable) 

by themselves [...] and three (times) for the vowels, and twice for the consonants, and once for the 
entire place, and with ignorance for those which are subject to change [...] which became [...] 
together with the entire place [...] finally. 

And [...] they all [...] they are hidden, but they were pronounced openly. They did not stop 
without being revealed, nor did they stop without naming the angels. The vowels join the 
consonants, whether without or within, [...] they said [...] teach you (sg.) [...] again for ever. They 
were counted four times, (and) they were engendered three times, and they became ... (2 lines 
unrecoverable) 

For these reasons, we have acquired sufficiency; for it is fitting that each one acquire power for 
himself to bear fruit, and that we never cast aspersions on the mysteries [...] the [...]. For [...], which 
is [...] the souls [...] the signs of the Zodiac [...] a new hypostasis. 

And the reward which will be provided for such a one is salvation. But the opposite will happen 
there to the one who commits sin. The one who commits sin by himself [...] will be in a [...] in a ... 
... (2 lines unrecoverable) ... in order that before you (sg.) examine the one who <...>, one might tell 
another about an exalted power, and a divine knowledge, and a might which cannot be resisted. 
But you shall examine who is worthy that he should reveal them, knowing that those who commit 
sin [...] down to [...] as they [...] the Father [...] that which is fitting. Do not desire to give power to 
the sense-perceptible world. Are you (pi.) not attending to me, who have received salvation from 
the intelligible world? But (as for) these <words> - watch yourselves - do not [...] them as a(n) ... (3 
lines unrecoverable) ... understand [...], and he takes [...] the rest, I will speak of them. The perfection 
[...], in order that it might increase [...] who commit sin ... (1 line unrecoverable) ... the embodied 
souls did not understand them. Those that are upon the earth, as well as those outside of the body, 
those in heaven, are more than the angels. The place which we talked about in every discourse, 
these [...] stars ... (1 line unrecoverable) ... book(s) [...] whether already [...] into the [...]. Blessed is 
[...], whether he is gazing at the two, or he is gazing at the seven planets, or at the twelve signs of 
the Zodiac, or at the thirty-six Decans (9 lines virtually unrecoverable) 

... and these numbers, whether those in heaven or those upon the earth, together with those that 
are under the earth, according to the relationships and the divisions among these, and in the rest 
[...] parts according to kind and according to species ... (1 line unrecoverable) ... they will submit, 
since she has power [...] above [...] they exist apart ... 

(Of the remaining 26 pages, 10 are missing and the remaining 16 are so badly decomposed that 
only a few scattered words and phrases are recognizable.) 



Marsanes 



The Interpretation of Knowledge 



CODEX XI 

Translated by John D. Turner 

Selection made from James M. Robinson, ed., The Nag Hammadi Library, revised edition. HarperCollins, San Francisco, 1990. 

(13 lines missing) 

... they came to believe by means of signs and wonders and fabrications. The likeness that came to 
be through them followed him, but through reproaches and humiliations before they received the 
apprehension of a vision they fled without having heard that the Christ had been crucified. But 
our generation is fleeing since it does not yet even believe that the Christ is alive. In order that our 
faith may be holy (and) pure, not relying upon itself actively, but maintaining itself planted in 
him, do not say: "Whence is the patience to measure faith?", for each one is persuaded by the 
things he believes. If he disbelieves them, then he would be unable to be persuaded. But it is a 
great thing for a man who has faith, since he is not in unbelief, which is the world. 

Now the world is the place of unfaith and the place of death. And death exists as ... (14 lines 
missing) 

... likeness and they will not believe. A holy thing is the faith to see the likeness. The opposite is 
unfaith in the likeness. The things that he will grant them will support them. It was impossible for 
them to attain to the imperishability [...] will become [...] loosen [...] those who were sent [...]. For 
he who is distressed will not believe. He is unable to bring a great church, since it is gathered out 
of a small gathering. 

He became an emanation of the trace. For also they say about the likeness that it is apprehended 
by means of his trace. The structure apprehends by means of the likeness, but God apprehends by 
means of his members. He knew them before they were begotten, and they will know him. And 
the one who begot each one from the first will indwell them. He will rule over them. For it is 
necessary for each one ... (25 lines missing) 

... the Savior removed himself, since it is fitting. Indeed, not ignorant but carnal is the word who 
took him as a husband. And it is he who exists as an image, since that one (masc.) also exists, as 
well as that one (fern.) who brought us forth. And she caused him to know that she is the Womb. 
This is a marvel of hers that she causes us to transcend patience. But this is the marvel: he loves 
the one who was first to permit a virgin [...]. It is fitting to [...] her [...] unto death [...] desire to 
practice ... (23 lines missing) 

Therefore she yielded to him in her path. He was first to fix our eye upon this virgin who is fixed 
to the cross that is in those places. And we see that it is her water which the supreme authority 
granted to the one in whom there is a sign. This is the water of immortality which the great 
powers will grant to him while he is below in the likeness of her young son. She did not stop on 
his account. She [...] the [...] he became [...] in the [...] word that appears to the [...]. He did not ... 
(13 lines missing) 

... in [...] through [...] come from those places. Some fell in the path. Others fell in the rocks. Yet still 
others he sowed in the thorns. And still others he gave to drink [...] and the shadow. Behold [...] he 
[...] And this is the eternal reality before the souls come forth from those who are being killed. 

But he was being pursued in that place by the trace produced by the Savior. And he was crucified 
and he died - not his own death, for he did not at all deserve to die because of the church of 
mortals. And he was nailed so that they might keep him in the Church. He answered her with 
humiliations, since in this way he had borne the suffering which he had suffered. For Jesus is for 
us a likeness on account of ... (14 lines missing) 

... this [...] the entire structure and [...] the great bitterness of the world [...] us with the [...] by 
thieves [...] the slaves [...] down to Jericho [...] they received [...]. For [...] down to those who will 
wait while the entire defect restrains them until the final reality that is their portion, since he 



245 



brought us down, having bound us in nets of flesh. Since the body is a temporary dwelling which 
the rulers and authorities have as an abode, the man within, after being imprisoned in the 
fabrication, fell into suffering. And having compelled him to serve them, they constrained him to 
serve the energies. They split the Church so as to inherit ... (9 lines missing) 

... power to [...] and [...] and [...] having touched [...] before [...] it is the beauty that will [...] wanted 
to [...] and to be with [...] fighting with one another [...] like others [...] virgin [...] to destroy [...] 
wound [...] but she [...] she likens herself to the [...] her since they had struck [...] imperishable. 
This [...] that he remain [...] virgin. The [...] her beauty [...] faithfulness [...] and therefore [...] her. 
He hastened [...] he did not put up with [...] they despise [...]. For when the Mother had ... (5 lines 
missing) ... the Mother [...] her enemy [...] the teaching [...] of the force [...] nature [...] behold a 
maiden [...] he is unable [...] first [...] the opposite [...]. But how has he [...] maiden [...] he was not 
able [...] he became [...] killed him [...] alive [...] he reckoned her [...] better than life [...] since he 
knows that if [...] world created him [...] him to raise him [...] up from [...] upon the regions [...] 
those whom they rule [...]. But [...] emitted him [...] he dwells in him [...] the Father of the All [...] 
be more to her [...] him. He ... (8 lines missing) 

... like [...] into [...] he has them [...] them [...] each one will be worthy [...] take him and [...] the 
teacher should hide himself as if he were a god who would embrace his works and destroy them. 
For he also spoke with the Church and he made himself her teacher of immortality, and destroyed 
the arrogant teacher by teaching her to die. 

And this teacher made a living school, for that teacher has another school: while it teaches us 
about the dead writings, he, on the other hand, was causing us to remove ourselves from the 
surfeit of the world; we were being taught about our death through them. 

Now this is his teaching: Do not call to a father upon the earth. Your Father, who is in heaven, is 
one. You are the light of the world. They are my brothers and my fellow companions who do the 
will of the Father. For what use is it if you gain the world and you forfeit your soul? For when we 
were in the dark, we used to call many "father," since we were ignorant of the true Father. And 
this is the great conception of all the sins ... (8 lines missing) ... pleasure. We are like [...] him to [...] 
soul [...] men who [...] the dwelling place. 

What now is the faith laid down by the master who released him from the great ignorance and the 
darkness of the ignorant eye? He reminded him of the good things of his Father and the race. For 
he said to him, "Now the world is not yours, may you not esteem the form that is in it as 
advantageous; rather (as) disadvantageous and (as) a punishment." Receive now the teaching of 
the one who was reproached - an advantage and a profit for the soul - and receive his shape. It is 
the shape that exists in the presence of the Father, the word and the height, that let you know him 
before you have been led astray while in (the) flesh of condemnation. 

Likewise I became very small, so that through my humility I might take you up to the great height, 
whence you had fallen. You were taken to this pit. If now you believe in me, it is I who shall take 
you above, through this shape that you see. It is I who shall bear you upon my shoulders. Enter 
through the rib whence you came and hide yourself from the beasts. The burden that you bear 
now is not yours. Whenever you (fern.) go ... (14 lines missing) 

... from his glory [...] from the first. From being counted with the female, sleep brought labor and 
the sabbath, which is the world. For from being counted with the Father, sleep brought the 
sabbath and the exodus from the world of the beasts. For the world is from beasts and it is a beast. 
Therefore he that is lost has been reckoned to the crafty one, and that one is from the beasts that 
came forth. They put upon him a garment of condemnation, for the female had no other garment 
for clothing her seed except the one she brought on the sabbath. For no beast exists in the Aeon. 
For the Father does not keep the sabbath, but (rather) actuates the Son, and through the Son he 
continued to provide himself with the Aeons. The Father has living rational elements from which 
he puts on my members as garments. The man ... (11 lines missing) 

... this is the name. The [...] he emitted himself and he emitted the reproached one. The one who 
was reproached changed (his) name and, along with that which would be like the reproach, he 
appeared as flesh. And the humiliated one has no equipment. He has no need of the glory that is 



- E4E 



not his; he has his own glory with the name, which is the Son. Now he came that we might 
become glorious through the humiliated one that dwells in the places of humiliation. And through 
him who was reproached we receive the forgiveness of sins. And through the one who was 
reproached and the one who was redeemed we receive grace. 

But who is it that redeemed the one who was reproached? It is the emanation of the name. For just 
as the flesh has need of a name, so also is the flesh an Aeon that Wisdom has emitted. It received 
the majesty that is descending, so that the Aeon might enter the one who was reproached, that we 
might escape the disgrace of the carcass and be regenerated in the flesh and blood of ... (8 lines 
missing) ... destiny. He [...] and the Aeons [...] they accepted the Son although he was a complete 
mystery [...] each one of his members [...] grace. When he cried out, he was separated from the 
Church like portions of the darkness from the Mother, while his feet provided him traces, and 
these scorched the path of the ascent to the Father. 

But what is the way and manner (in) which it (fern.) became their head? Well, it (fern.) made the 
dwelling place to bring forth the light to those who dwell within him, so that they might see the 
ascending Church. For the Head drew itself up from the pit; it was bent over the cross and it 
looked down to Tartaros so that those below might look above. Hence, for example, when 
someone looks at someone, then the face of the one who looked down looks up; so also once the 
Head looked from the height to its members, our members went above, where the Head was. And 
it, the cross, was undergoing nailing for the members, and solely that they might be able ... (7 lines 
missing) ... have [...] because they were like [...] slave. The consummation is thus: He whom she 
indicated will be completed by the one who indicated. And the seeds that remain will endure until 
the All is separated and takes shape. 

And thus the decree will be fulfilled, for just as the woman who is honored until death has the 
advantage of time, so too will it give birth. And this offspring will receive the body appointed for 
it, and it will become perfect. He has a generous nature, since the Son of God dwells in him. And 
whenever he acquires the All, whatever he possesses will <be dissolved> in the fire because it 
greatly despised and outraged the Father. 

Moreover, when the great Son was sent after his small brothers, he spread abroad the edict of the 
Father and proclaimed it, opposing the All. And he removed the old bond of debt, the one of 
condemnation. And this is the edict that was: Those who made themselves enslaved have become 
condemned in Adam. They have been brought from death, received forgiveness for their sins, and 
been redeemed by ... (9 lines missing) 

... since we are worthy [...] and [...] but I say [...] and these [...]. For [...] is worthy to [...] God. And 
the Father [...] the Christ removed himself from all these, since he loves his members with all his 
heart. One who is jealous sets his members against one another. If he is not jealous, he will not be 
removed from (the) other members and the good which he sees. 

By having a brother who regards us as he also is, one glorifies the one who gives us grace. 
Moreover, it is fitting for each of us to enjoy the gift that he has received from God, and that we 
not be jealous, since we know that he who is jealous is an obstacle in his (own) path, since he 
destroys only himself with the gift and he is ignorant of God. He ought to rejoice and be glad and 
partake of grace and bounty. Does someone have a prophetic gift? Share it without hesitation. 
Neither approach your brother jealously nor ... (8 lines missing) 

... chosen as they [...] empty as they escape [...] fallen from their [...] are ignorant that [...] in this 
way they have [...] them in [...] in order that they may reflect perforce upon the things that you 
want them to think about when they think about you. Now your brother also has his grace: Do not 
belittle yourself, but rejoice and give thanks spiritually, and pray for that one, in order that you 
might share the grace that dwells within him. So do not consider him foreign to you, rather, (as) 
one who is yours, whom each of your <fellow> members received. By loving the Head who 
possesses them, you also possess the one from whom it is that these outpourings of gifts exist 
among your brethren. 



247 



But is someone making progress in the Word? Do not be hindered by this; do not say: "Why does 
he speak while I do not?", for what he says is (also) yours, and that which discerns the Word and 
that which speaks is the same power. The Word ... (13 lines missing) 

... eye or a hand only, although they are a single body. Those who belong to us all serve the Head 
together. And each one of the members reckons it as a member. They cannot all become entirely a 
foot or entirely an eye or entirely a hand, since these members will not live alone; rather they are 
dead. We know that they are being put to death. So why do you love the members that are still 
dead, instead of those that live? How do you know that someone is ignorant of the brethren? For 
you are ignorant when you hate them and are jealous of them, since you will not receive the grace 
that dwells within them, being unwilling to reconcile them to the bounty of the Head. You ought 
to give thanks for our members and ask that you too might be granted the grace that has been 
given to them. For the Word is rich, generous and kind. Here he gives away gifts to his men 
without jealousy, according to ... (11 lines missing) 

... appeared in each of the members [...] himself [...] since they do not fight at all with one another 
on account of their difference (s). Rather, by laboring with one another, they will work with one 
another, and if one of them suffers, they will suffer with him, and when each one is saved, they 
are saved together. 

Moreover, if they would wait for the exodus from the (earthly) harmony, they will come to the 
Aeon. If they are fit to share in the (true) harmony, how much the more those who derive from the 
single unity? They ought to be reconciled with one another. Do not accuse your Head because it 
has not appointed you as an eye but rather as a finger. And do not be jealous of that which has 
been put in the class of an eye or a hand or a foot, but be thankful that you do not exist outside the 
Body. On the contrary, you have the same Head on whose account the eye exists, as well as the 
hand and the foot and the rest of the parts. Why do you despise the one that is appointed as [...] it 
desired to [...] you slandered [...] does not embrace [...] unmixed body [...] chosen [...] dissolve [...] 
of the Aeon [...] descent [...] however plucked us from <the> Aeons that exist in that place. Some 
exist in the visible Church - those who exist in the Church of men - and unanimously they 
proclaim to one another the Pleroma of their aeon. And some exist for death in the Church on 
whose behalf they go - she for whom they are death - while others are for life. Therefore they are 
lovers of abundant life. And each of the rest endures by his own root. He puts forth fruit that is 
like him, since the roots have a connection with one another and their fruits are undivided, the 
best of each. They possess them, existing for them and for one another. So let us become like the 
roots, since we are equal [...] that Aeon [...] those who are not ours [...] above the [...] grasp him [...] 
since [...] your soul. He will [...] we gave you to him. If you purify it, it abides in me. If you enclose 
it, it belongs to the Devil. Even if you kill his forces that are active, it will be with you. For if the 
soul is dead, still it was enacted upon (by) the rulers and authorities. 

What, now, do you think of as spirit? Or why do they persecute men of this sort to death? Are 
they not satisfied to be with the soul and seek it? For every place is excluded from them by the 
men of God so long as they exist in flesh. And when they cannot see them, since they (the men of 
God) live by the spirit, they tear apart what appears, as if thus they can find them. But what is the 
profit for them? They are senselessly mad! They rend their surroundings! They dig the earth! [...] 
him [...] hid [...] exists [...] purify [...] however [...] after God [...] seize us [...] but we walk [...]. For if 
the sins are many, how much the more now is the jealousy of the Church of the Savior. For each 
one was capable of both (types) of transgression, namely that of an adept, and (that of) an 
ordinary person. It is still a single ability that they possess. And as for us, we are adepts at the 
Word. If we sin against it, we sin more than Gentiles. But if we surmount every sin, we shall 
receive the crown of victory, even as our Head was glorified by the Father. 



The Interpretation of Knowledge 



E48 



A Valentinian Exposition 



CODEX XI 

Translated by John D. Turner 

Selection made from James M. Robinson, ed., The Nag Hammadi Library, revised edition. HarperCollins, San Francisco, 1990. 

[...] enter [...] the abundance [...] those who [...] I will speak my mystery to those who are mine and 
to those who will be mine. Moreover it is these who have known him who is, the Father, that is, 
the Root of the All, the Ineffable One who dwells in the Monad. He dwells alone in silence, and 
silence is tranquility since, after all, he was a Monad and no one was before him. He dwells in the 
Dyad and in the Pair, and his Pair is Silence. And he possessed the All dwelling within him. And 
as for Intention and Persistence, Love and Permanence, they are indeed unbegotten. 

God came forth: the Son, Mind of the All, that is, it is from the Root of the All that even his 
Thought stems, since he had this one (the Son) in Mind. For on behalf of the All, he received an 
alien Thought since there were nothing before him. From that place it is he who moved [...] a 
gushing spring. Now this is the Root of the All and Monad without any one before him. Now the 
second spring exists in silence and speaks with him alone. And the Fourth accordingly is he who 
restricted himself in the Fourth: while dwelling in the Three-hundred-sixtieth, he first brought 
himself (forth), and in the Second he revealed his will, and in the Fourth he spread himself out. 

While these things are due to the Root of the All, let us for our part enter his revelation and his 
goodness and his descent and the All, that is, the Son, the Father of the All, and the Mind of the 
Spirit; for he was possessing this one before [...]. He is a spring. He is one who appears in Silence, 
and he is Mind of the All dwelling secondarily with Life. For he is the projector of the All and the 
very hypostasis of the Father, that is, he is the Thought and his descent below. 

When he willed, the First Father revealed himself in him. Since, after all, because of him the 
revelation is available to the All, I for my part call the All 'the desire of the All 1 . And he took such a 
thought concerning the All - 1 for my part call the thought 'Monogenes'. For now God has brought 
Truth, the one who glorifies the Root of the All. Thus it is he who revealed himself in Monogenes, 
and in him he revealed the Ineffable One [...] the Truth. They saw him dwelling in the Monad and 
in the Dyad and in the Tetrad. He first brought forth Monogenes and Limit. And Limit is the 
separator of the All and the confirmation of the All, since they are [...] the hundred [...]. He is the 
Mind [...] the Son. He is completely ineffable to the All, and he is the confirmation and the 
hypostasis of the All, the silent veil, the true High Priest, the one who has the authority to enter 
the Holies of Holies, revealing the glory of the Aeons and bringing forth the abundance to 
<fragrance>. The East [...] that is in Him. He is the one who revealed himself as the primal 
sanctuary and the treasury of the All. And he encompassed the All, he who is higher than the All. 
These for their part sent Christ forth to establish her just as they were established before her 
descent. And they say concerning him: [...] He is not manifest, but invisible to those remaining 
within Limit. And he possesses four powers: a separator and a confirmor, a form-provider and a 
substance-producer. Surely we alone would discern their presences and the time and the places 
which the likenesses have confirmed because they have [...] from these places [...] the Love [...] is 
emanated [...] the entire Pleroma [...]. The persistence endures always, and [...] for also [...] the time 
[...] more [...] that is, the proof of his great love. 

So why a separator, and a confirmor and a substance-producer and a form-provider as others have 
said? For they say concerning Limit that he has two powers, a separator and a confirmor, since it 
separates Depth from the Aeons, in order that [...]. These, then [...] of Depth [...]. For [...] is the 
form [...] the Father of the Truth [...] say that Christ [...] the Spirit [...] Monogenes [...] has [...]. 

It is a great and necessary thing for us to seek with more diligence and perseverance after the 
scriptures and those who proclaim the concepts. For about this the ancients say, "they were 
proclaimed by God." So let us know his unfathomable richness! He wanted [...] servitude. He did 



E49 



not become [...] of their life [...]. They look steadfastly at their book of knowledge and they regard 
one another's appearance. 

That Tetrad projected the Tetrad which is the one consisting of Word and Life and Man and 
Church. Now the Uncreated One projected Word and Life. Word is for the glory of the Ineffable 
One while Life is for the glory of Silence, and Man is for his own glory, while Church is for the 
glory of Truth. This, then, is the Tetrad begotten according to the likeness of the Uncreated 
(Tetrad). And the Tetrad is begotten [... ] the Decad from Word and Life, and the Dodecad from 
Man, and Church became a Triacontad. Moreover, it is the one from the Triacontad of the Aeons 
who bear fruit from the Triacontrad. They enter jointly, but they come forth singly, fleeing from 
the Aeons and the Uncontainable Ones. And the Uncontainable Ones, once they had looked at 
him, glorified Mind since he is an Uncontainable One that exists in the Pleroma. 

But the Decad from Word and Life brought forth decads so as to make the Pleroma become a 
hundred, and the Dodecad from Man and Church brought forth and made the Triacontad so as to 
make the three hundred sixty become the Pleroma of the year. And the year of the Lord 
[...perfect...] perfect [...] according to [...] Limit and [...] Limit [...] the greatness which [...] the 
goodness [...] him. Life [...] suffer [...] by the face [...] in the presence of the Pleroma [...] which he 
wanted [...]. And he wanted to leave the Thirtieth - being a szygy of Man and Church, that is, 
Sophia - to surpass the Triacontad and bring the Pleroma [...] his [...] but [...] and she [...] the All 
[...] but [...] who [...] the All [...]. He made [...] the thoughts and [...] the Pleroma through the Word 
[...] his flesh. These, then, are the Aeons that are like them. After the Word entered it, just as I said 
before, also the one who comes to be with the Uncontainable One brought forth [...] before they 
[...] forth [...] hide him from [...] the syzygy and [...] the movement and [...] project the Christ [...] 
and the seeds [...] of the cross since [...] the imprints of the nail wound [...] perfection. Since it is a 
perfect form that should ascend into the Pleroma, he did not at all want to consent to the suffering, 
but he was detained [...] him by Limit, that is, by the syzygy, since her correction will not occur 
through anyone except her own Son, whose alone is the fullness of divinity. He willed within 
himself bodily to leave the powers and he descended. And these things (passions) Sophia suffered 
after her son ascended from her, for she knew that she dwelt in a [...] in unity and restoration. 
They were stopped [...] the brethren [...] these. A [...] did not [...]. I became [...]. Who indeed are 
they? The [...], on the one hand, stopped her [...], on the other hand, [...]. with the [...] her. These 
moreover are those who were looking at me, these who, [...] these who considered [...] the death. 
They were stopped [...] her and she repented and she besought the Father of the truth, saying, 
"Granted that I have renounced my consort. Therefore I am beyond confirmation as well. I deserve 
the things (passions) I suffer. I used to dwell in the Pleroma putting forth the Aeons and bearing 
fruit with my consort" And she knew what she was and what had become of her. 

So they both suffered; they said she laughs since she remained alone and imitated the 
Uncontainable One, while he said she laughs since she cut herself off from her consort. [...] Indeed 
Jesus and Sophia revealed the creature. Since, after all, the seeds of Sophia are incomplete and 
formless, Jesus contrived a creature of this sort and made it of the seeds while Sophia worked with 
him. For since they are seeds and without form, he descended and brought forth that pleroma of 
aeons which are in that place, since even the uncreated ones of those Aeons are of the pattern of 
the Pleroma and the uncontainable Father. The Uncreated One brought forth the pattern of the 
uncreated, for it is from the uncreated that the Father brings forth into form. But the creature is a 
shadow of pre-existing things. Moreover, this Jesus created the creature, and he worked from the 
passions surrounding the seeds. And he separated them from one another, and the better passions 
he introduced into the spirit and the worse ones into the carnal. 

Now, first among all those passions [...] nor [...] him, since, after all, Pronoia caused the correction 
to project shadows and images of those who exist from the first and those who are and those who 
shall be. This, then, is the dispensation of believing in Jesus for the sake of him who inscribed the 
All with likenesses and images and shadows. 

After Jesus brought forth further, he brought forth for the All those of the Pleroma and of the 
syzygy, that is, the angels. For simultaneously with the agreement of the Pleroma her consort 
projected the angels, since he abides in the will of the Father. For this is the will of the Father: not 

- 25D - 



to allow anything to happen in the Pleroma apart from a syzygy. Again, the will of the Father is: 
always produce and bear fruit. That she should suffer, then, was not the will of the Father, for she 
dwells in herself alone without her consort. Let us [...] another one [...] the Second [...] the son of 
another [...] is the Tetrad of the world. And that Tetrad put forth fruit as if the Pleroma of the 
world were a Hebdomad. And it entered images and likenesses and angels and archangels, 
divinities and ministers. 

When all these things were brought to pass by Pronoia [...] of Jesus who [...] the seeds [...] of 
Monogenes [...]. Indeed they are spiritual and carnal, the heavenly and the earthly. He made them 
a place of this sort and a school of this sort for doctrine and for form. 

Moreover the Demiurge began to create a man according to his image on the one hand and on the 
other according to the likeness of those who exist from the first. It was this sort of dwelling place 
that she used for the seeds, namely [... separate ...] God. When they [...] in behalf of man, since 
indeed the Devil is one of the divine beings. He removed himself and seized the entire plaza of the 
gates and he expelled his own root from that place in the body and carcasses of flesh, for he is 
enveloped by the man of God. And Adam sowed him. Therefore he acquired sons who angered 
one another. And Cain killed Abel his brother, for the Demiurge breathed into them his spirit. 
And there took place the struggle with the apostasy of the angels and mankind, those of the right 
with those of the left, those in heaven with those on earth, the spirits with the carnal, and the Devil 
against God. Therefore the angels lusted after the daughters of men and came down to flesh so 
that God would cause a flood. And he almost regretted that he had created the world [...] the 
consort and Sophia and her Son and the angels and the seeds. But the syzygy is the complete one, 
and Sophia and Jesus and the angels and the seeds are images of the Pleroma. Moreover, the 
Demiurge cast a shadow over the syzygy and the Pleroma and Jesus and Sophia and the angels 
and the seeds. The complete one glorifies Sophia; the image glorifies Truth. And the glory of the 
seeds and Jesus are those of Silence and Monogenes. And the angels of the males and the seminal 
ones of the females are all Pleromas. Moreover whenever Sophia receives her consort and Jesus 
receives the Christ and the seeds and the angels, then the Pleroma will receive Sophia joyfully, 
and the All will come to be in unity and reconciliation. For by this the Aeons have been increased; 
for they knew that should they change, they are without change. 

On the Anointing 

Translated by John D. Turner 

Selection made from James M. Robinson, ed., The Nag Hammadi Library, revised edition. HarperCollins, San Fransisco, 1990. 

[....] according to [....] the type of [...] see him. It is fitting for you at this time to send thy Son Jesus 
Christ and anoint us so we might be able to trample upon the snakes and the heads of the 
scorpions and all the power of the Devil since he is a shepherd of the seed. Through him we have 
known thee. And we glorify thee : Glory be to thee, the Father in the Son, the Father in the Son, the 
Father in the Holy Church and in the holy angels! From now he abides forever in the perpetuity of 
the Aeons, forever until the untraceable Aeons of the Aeons. Amen. 

On the Baptism A 

Translated by John D. Turner 

Excerpt taken from James R.Robinson, ed., The Nag Hammadi Library, HarperCollins, San Francisco, 1990 

This is the fullness of the summary of knowledge which summary was revealed to us by our Lord 
Jesus Christ, the Monogenes. These are the sure and necessary items so that we may walk in them. 

But they are those of the first baptism [ The First] baptism is the Forgiveness of sins [...] said, 

[...] you to the [...] your sins the [...] is a pattern of the [...] of the Christ which is the equal of the 



E51 



[..within] him [...]. For the [...] of Jesus [...]. Moreover, the first baptism is the forgiveness of sins. 
We are brought from those of the right, that is, into the imperishability which is the Jordan. But 
that place is of the world. So we have been sent out of the world into the Aeon. For the 
interpretation of John is the Aeon, while the interpretation of that which is the upward 
progression, that is, our Exodus from the world into the Aeon. 

On the Baptism B 

Translated by John D.Turner 

Excerpt taken from James R.Robinson, ed., The Nag Hammadi Library, HarperCollins, San Francisco, 1990 

[ from the ] world into the Jordan and from the blindness of the world into the sight of God, 

from the carnal into the spiritual, from the physical into the angelic, from the created into the 
Pleroma, from the world into the Aeon, from the servitudes into sonship, from entanglements into 
one another, from the desert into our village, from the cold into the hot, from [...] into a [...] and we 
[...] into the [....thus] we were brought from seminal bodies into bodies with a perfect form. Indeed 
I entered by way of example the remnant for which the Christ rescued us in the fellowship of his 
Spirit. And he brought us forth who are in him, and from now on the souls will become perfect 
spirits. Now the things granted us by the first baptism [....invisible ...which] is his, since 
[ speak] [about.. .].... 

On the Eucharist (A) 

Translated by John D. Turner 

Excerpt taken from James R.Robinson, ed., The Nag Hammadi Library, HarperCollins, San Francisco, 1990 

We give thanks to you and we celebrate the eucharist, O Father, remembering for the sake of thy 

Son, Jesus Christ that they come forth [...] invisible [...] thy [Son....] his [love...] to [knowledge ] 

they are doing thy will through the name of Jesus Christ and will do thy will now and always. 
They are complete in every spiritual gift and every purity. Glory be to thee through thy Son and 
they offspring Jesus Christ from now and forever. Amen. 

On the Eucharist (B) 

Translation by John D. Turner 

Excerpt taken from James R.Robinson, ed., The Nag Hammadi Library, HarperCollins, San Francisco, 1990 

[...] in the [...] the word of the [....the] holy one it is [...] food and [drink...] Son, since you [...] food 
of the [...] to us the [...] in the [life ..] he does [not boast...] that is[...] Church [...] you are pure [...] 
thou art the Lord. Whenever you die purely, you will be pure so as to have him [...] everyone who 
will guide him to food and drink. Glory be to thee forever. Amen. 



E 5 2 



Allogenes 



CODEX XI 

Translated by John D.Turner and Orval S. Wintermute 

Selection made from James M. Robinson, ed., The Nag Hammadi Library, revised edition. HarperCollins, San Francisco, 1990. 

(5 lines missing) 

... since they are perfect individuals and dwell all together, joined with the mind, the guardian 
which I provided, who taught you (sg.). And it is the power that exists within you that often 
extended itself as word from the Triple-Powered One, that One of all those who truly exist with 
the Immeasurable One, the eternal Light of the Knowledge that appeared, the male virginal Youth, 
the first of the Aeons from a unique triple-powered Aeon, the Triple-Powered-One who truly 
exists, for when he was stilled, was extended and when he was extended, he became complete and 
he received power from all of them. He knows himself and the perfect Invisible Spirit. And he 
came to be in an Aeon who knows that she knows That One. And she became Kalyptos, who acted 
in those whom she knows. He is a perfect, invisible, noetic Protophanes-Harmedon. And 
empowering the individuals, she is a Triple-Male. And being individually ... (5 lines missing) 

... individual on the one hand, they are together on the other hand, since she is an existence of 
theirs, and she sees them all also truly. She contains the divine Autogenes. 

When she knew her Existence and when she stood, she brought This One (masc), since he saw 
them all existing individually as he is. And when they become as he is, they shall see the divine 
Triple-Male, the power that is higher than God. He is the Thought of all these who exist together. 
If he ponders them, he ponders the great male [...] noetic Protophanes, the procession of these. 
When he sees it, he sees also those who truly exist and the procession of those who are together. 
And when he has seen these, he has seen the Kalyptos. And if he sees one of the hidden ones, he 
sees the Aeon of Barbelo. And as for the unbegotten offspring of That One, if one sees how he lives 
... (4 lines missing) ... you have heard about the abundance of each one of them certainly. 

But concerning the invisible, spiritual Triple-Powered-One, hear! He exists as an Invisible One 
who is incomprehensible to them all. He contains them all within himself, for they all exist 
because of him. He is perfect, and he is greater than perfect, and he is blessed. He is always One 
and he exists in them all, being ineffable, unnameable, being One who exists through them all - he 
whom, should one discern him, one would not desire anything that exists before him among those 
that possess existence, for he is the source from which they were all emitted. He is prior to 
perfection. He was prior to every divinity, and he is prior to every blessedness, since he provides 
for every power. And he <is> a nonsubstantial substance, since he is a God over whom there is no 
divinity, the transcending of whose greatness and beauty ... (5 lines missing) 

... power. It is not impossible for them to receive a revelation of these things, if they come together. 
Since it is impossible for the individuals to comprehend the Universal One situated in the place 
that is higher than perfect, they apprehend by means of a First Thought - not as Being alone, but it 
is along with the latency of Existence that he confers Being. He provides everything for himself, 
since it is he who shall come to be when he recognizes himself. And he is One who subsists as a 
cause and source of Being, and an immaterial material and an innumerable number and a formless 
form and a shapeless shape and a powerlessness and a power and an insubstantial substance and 
a motionless motion and an inactive activity. Yet he is a provider of provisions and a divinity of 
divinity - but whenever they apprehend, they participate the first Vitality and an undivided 
activity, an hypostasis of the First One from the One who truly exists. And a second activity [...] 
however, is the [...]. He is endowed with blessedness and goodness, because when he is 
recognized as the traverser of the boundlessness of the Invisible Spirit that subsists in him, it (the 
boundlessness) turns him to it (the invisible spirit) in order that it might know what is within him 
and how he exists. And he was becoming salvation for every one by being a point of departure for 
those who truly exist, for through him his knowledge endured, since he is the one who knows 



253 



what he is. But they brought forth nothing beyond themselves, neither power nor rank nor glory 
nor aeon, for they are all eternal. He is Vitality and Mentality and That-Which-Is. For then That- 
Which-Is constantly possesses its Vitality and Mentality, and Life has Vitality possesses non-Being 
and Mentality. Mentality possesses Life and That-Which-Is. And the three are one, although 
individually they are three. 

Now after I heard these things, my son Messos, I was afraid, and I turned toward the multitude 
[...] thought [...] gives power to those who are capable of knowing these things by a revelation that 
is much greater. And I was capable, although flesh was upon me. I heard from you about these 
things and about the doctrine that is in them, since the thought which is in me distinguished the 
things that are beyond measure as well as the unknowables. Therefore I fear that my doctrine may 
have become something beyond what is fitting. 

And then, my son Messos, the all-glorious One, Youel, spoke to me again. She made a revelation 
to me and said: "No one is able to hear these things except the great powers alone, O Allogenes. A 
great power was put upon you, which the Father of the All, the Eternal, put upon you before you 
came to this place, in order that those things that are difficult to distinguish you might distinguish 
and those things that are unknown to the multitude you might know, and that you might escape 
(in safety) to the One who is yours, who was first to save and who does not need to be saved ... (5 
lines missing) ... to you a form and a revelation of the invisible, spiritual Triple-Powered One, 
outside of which dwells an undivided, incorporeal, eternal knowledge. 

As with all the Aeons, the Aeon of Barbelo exists also endowed with the types and forms of those 
who truly exist, the image of Kalyptos. And endowed with the intellectual Word of these, he bears 
the noetic male Protophanes like an image, and he acts within the individuals, either with craft or 
with skill or with partial instinct. He is endowed with the divine Autogenes like an image, and he 
knows each one of these. He acts separately and individually, continuing to rectify the failures 
from nature. He is endowed with the divine Triple-Male as salvation for them all, in cooperation 
with the Invisible Spirit. He is a word from a counsel, <he> is the perfect Youth. And this 
hypostasis is a ... (6 lines missing) 

... my soul went slack, and I fled and was very disturbed. And I turned to myself and saw the light 
that surrounded me and the Good that was in me, I became divine. 

And the all-glorious One, Youel, anointed me again and she gave power to me. She said, "Since 
your instruction has become complete, and you have known the Good that is within you, hear 
concerning the Triple-Powered One those things that you will guard in great silence and great 
mystery, because they are not spoken to anyone except those who are worthy, those who are able 
to hear: nor is it fitting to speak to an uninstructed generation concerning the Universal One that is 
higher than perfect. But you have <these> because of the Triple-Powered One, the One who exists 
in blessedness and goodness, the One who is responsible for all these. 

"There exists within him much greatness. Inasmuch as he is one in a ... (5 lines missing) 

...of the First Thought, which does not fall away from those who dwell in comprehension and 
knowledge and understanding. And That One moved motionlessly in that which governs, lest he 
sink into the boundless by means of another activity of Mentality. And he entered into himself 
and he appeared, being all-encompassing, the Universal One that is higher than perfect. 

"Indeed it is not through me that he is to such a degree anterior to knowledge. Whereas there is no 
possibility for complete comprehension, he is (nevertheless) known. And this is so because of the 
third silence of Mentality and the second undivided activity which appeared in the First Thought, 
that is, the Aeon of Barbelo, together with the Indivisible One of the divisible likenesses and the 
Triple-Powered-One and the non-substantial Existence." 

<Then> the power appeared by means of an activity that is at rest and silent, although it uttered a 
sound thus: zza zza zza. But when she (Youel) heard the power and she was filled ... (5 lines 
missing) 

... "Thou art [...], Solmis! [...] according to the Vitality that is thine, and the first activity which 
derives from divinity. Thou art great, Armedon! Thou art perfect, Epiphaneus! 



- B54 



"And according to that activity of thine, the second power and the Mentality which derives from 
blessedness: Autoer, Beritheus, Erigenaor, Orimenios, Aramen, Alphleges, Elelioupheus, 
Lalameus, Yetheus, Noetheus, thou art great! He who knows thee knows the Universal One! Thou 
art One, thou art One, He who is good, Aphredon! Thou art the Aeon of the Aeons, He who is 
perpetually!" 

Then she praised the Universal One, saying "Lalameus, Noetheus, Senaon, Asine[us, ...]riphanios, 
Mellephaneus, Elemaoni, Smoun, Optaon, He Who Is! Thou art He Who Is, the Aeon of Aeons, the 
Unbegotten, who art higher than the unbegotten (ones), Yatomenos, thou alone for whom all the 
unborn ones were begotten, the Unnameable One! ... (10 lines missing) ... knowledge." 

Now after I heard these things, I saw the glories of the perfect individuals and the all-perfect ones 
who exist together, and the all-perfect ones who are before the perfect ones. 

Again the greatly glorious One, Youel, said to me, "O Allogenes, in an unknowing knowledge you 
know that the Triple-Powered One exists before the glories. They do not exist among those who 
exist. They do not exist together with those who exist nor those who truly exist. Rather, all these 
exist as divinity and blessedness and existence, and as nonsubstantiality and non-being existence." 

And then I prayed that the revelation might occur to me. And then the all-glorious one, Youel, 
said to me, "O Allogenes, of course, the Triple-Male is something beyond substance. Yet were he 
insubstantial ... (9 lines missing) 

... those who exist in association with the generation of those who truly exist. The self-begotten 
ones exist with the Triple-Male. 

"If you seek with a perfect seeking, then you shall know the Good that is in you; then you will 
know yourself as well, (as) one who derives from the God who truly pre-exists. For after a 
hundred years there shall come to you a revelation of That One by means of Salamex and Semen 
and [...] the Luminaries of the Aeon of Barbelo. And that beyond what is fitting for you, you shall 
not know at first, so as not to forfeit your kind. And if so, then when you receive a conception of 
That One, then you are filled with the word to completion. Then you become divine, and you 
become perfect. You receive them ... (4 lines missing) 

... the seeking [...] the Existence [...] if it apprehends anything, it is apprehended by that one and 
by the very one who is comprehended. And then he becomes greater who comprehends and 
knows than he who is comprehended and known. But if he descends to his nature, he is less, for 
the incorporeal natures have not associated with any magnitude; having this power, they are 
everywhere and they are nowhere, since they are greater than every magnitude, and less than 
every exiguity." 

Now after the all-glorious One, Youel, said these things, she separated from me and left me. But I 
did not despair of the words that I heard. I prepared myself therein and I deliberated with myself 
for a hundred years. And I rejoiced exceedingly, since I was in a great light and a blessed path 
because those whom I was worthy to see as well as those whom I was worthy to hear (are) those 
whom it is fitting that the great powers alone ... (5 lines missing) ... of God. 

When the completion of the one hundred years drew nigh, it brought me a blessedness of the 
eternal hope full of auspiciousness. I saw the good divine Autogenes; and the Savior, who is the 
youthful, perfect Triple-Male Child; and his goodness, the noetic perfect Protophanes-Harmedon; 
and the blessedness of the Kalyptos; and the primary origin of the blessedness, the Aeon of 
Barbelo, full of divinity; and the primary origin of the one without origin, the spiritual, invisible 
Triple-Powered One, the Universal One that is higher than perfect. 

When <I> was taken by the eternal Light out of the garment that was upon me, and taken up to a 
holy place whose likeness cannot be revealed in the world, then by means of a great blessedness I 
saw all those about whom I had heard. And I praised all of them and I stood upon my knowledge 
and I inclined to the knowledge of the Universals, the Aeon of Barbelo. 

And I saw holy powers by means of the Luminaries of the virginal male Barbelo telling me that I 
would be able to test what happens in the world: "O Allogenes, behold your blessedness, how it 
silently abides, by which you know your proper self and, seeking yourself, withdraw to the 



255 



Vitality that you will see moving. And although it is impossible for you to stand, fear nothing; but 
if you wish to stand, withdraw to the Existence, and you will find it standing and at rest after the 
likeness of the One who is truly at rest and (who) embraces all these silently and inactively. And 
when you receive a revelation of him by means of a primary revelation of the Unknown One - the 
One whom if you should know him, be ignorant of him - and you become afraid in that place, 
withdraw to the rear because of the activities. And when you become perfect in that place, still 
yourself. And in accordance with the pattern that indwells you, know likewise that it is this way 
in all such (matters) after this pattern. And do not further dissipate, so that you may be able to 
stand, and do not desire to be active, lest you fall in any way from the inactivity in you of the 
Unknown One. Do not know him, for it is impossible; but if by means of an enlightened thought 
you should know him, be ignorant of him." 

Now I was listening to these things as those ones spoke them. There was within me a stillness of 
silence, and I heard the Blessedness whereby I knew <my> proper self. 

And I withdrew to the Vitality as I sought <myself>, and I joined into it, and I stood, not firmly 
but silently. And I saw an eternal, intellectual, undivided motion that pertains to all the formless 
powers, (which is) unlimited by limitation. 

And when I wanted to stand firmly, I withdrew to the Existence, which I found standing and at 
rest, like an image and likeness of what is conferred upon me by a revelation of the Indivisible 
One and the One who is at rest. I was filled with revelation by means of a primary revelation of 
the Unknowable One. As though I were ignorant of him, I knew him, and I received power by 
him. Having been permanently strengthened, I knew the One who exists in me, and the Triple- 
Powered One, and the revelation of his uncontainableness. And by means of a primary revelation 
of the First One unknowable to them all, the God who is beyond perfection, I saw him and the 
Triple-Powered One that exists in them all. I was seeking the ineffable and Unknowable God - 
whom if one should know him, he would be absolutely ignorant of him - the Mediator of the 
Triple-Powered One who subsists in stillness and silence and is unknowable. 

And when I was confirmed in these matters, the powers of the Luminaries said to me, "Cease 
hindering the inactivity that exists in you, by seeking incomprehensible matters; rather, hear about 
him in so far as it is possible by means of a primary revelation and a revelation." 

"Now he is something insofar as he exists in that he either exists and will become, or acts or 
knows, although he lives without Mind or Life or Existence or Non-Existence, incomprehensibly. 
And he is something along with his proper being. He is not left over in some way, as if he yields 
something that is assayed or purified or that receives or gives. And he is not diminished in any 
way, whether by his own desire, or whether he gives or receives through another. Neither does he 
have any desire of himself nor from another; it does not affect him. Rather, neither does he give 
anything by himself, lest he become diminished in another respect; nor for this reason does he 
need Mind, or Life, is indeed anything at all. He is superior to the Universals in his privation and 
unknowability, that is, the non-being existence, since he is endowed with silence and stillness lest 
he be diminished by those who are not diminished. 

"He is neither divinity nor blessedness nor perfection. Rather, it (this triad) is an unknowable 
entity of him, not that which is proper to him; rather, he is another one superior to the blessedness 
and the divinity and perfection. For he is not perfect, but he is another thing that is superior. He is 
neither boundless, nor is he bounded by another. Rather, he is something superior. He is not 
corporeal. He is not incorporeal. He is not great. He is not small. He is not a number. He is not a 
creature. Nor is he something that exists, that one can know. But he is something else of himself 
that is superior, which one cannot know. 

"He is primary revelation and knowledge of himself, as it is he alone who knows himself. Since he 
is not one of those that exist, but is another thing, he is superior to superlatives, even in 
comparison to what is his and not his. He neither participates in age nor does he participate in 
time. He does not receive anything from anything else. He is not diminishable, neither does he 
diminish anything, nor is he undiminishable. But he is self-comprehending, as something so 
unknowable that he exceeds those who excel in unknowability. 



B5B 



"He is endowed with blessedness and perfection and silence - not <the blessedness> nor the 
perfection - and stillness. Rather it (these attributes) is an entity of him that exists, which one 
cannot know, and which is at rest. Rather they are entities of him unknowable to them all. 

"And he is much higher in beauty than all those that are good, and he is thus unknowable to all of 
them in every respect. And through them all he is in them all, not only as the unknowable 
knowledge that is proper to him. And he is united with the ignorance that sees him. Whether <one 
sees> in what way he is unknowable, or sees him as he is in every respect, or would say that he is 
something like knowledge, he has sinned against him, being liable to judgment because he did not 
know God. He will not be judged by That One who is neither concerned for anything nor has any 
desire, but it (judgment) <is> from himself, because he did not find the origin that truly exists. He 
was blind, apart from the eye of revelation that is at rest, the (one) that is activated, the (one) from 
the Triple-Power of the First Thought of the Invisible Spirit. This one thus exists from ... (15 lines 
missing) 

... something [...] set firmly on the [...], a beauty and a first emergence of stillness and silence and 
tranquility and unfathomable greatness. When he appeared, he did not need time nor <did he 
partake> of eternity. Rather of himself he is unfathomably unfathomable. He does not activate 
himself so as to become still. He is not an existence, lest he be in want. Spatially, he is corporeal, 
while properly he is incorporeal. He has non-being existence. He exists for all of them unto 
himself without any desire. But he is a greater summit of greatness. And he is higher than his 
stillness, in order that ... (15 lines missing) 

...he saw them, and empowered them all, although they do not concern themselves with That One 
at all, nor, if one should receive from him, does he receive power. Nothing activates him in 
accordance with the Unity that is at rest. For he is unknowable; he is an airless place of 
boundlessness. Since he is boundless and powerless and nonexistent, he was not giving Being. 
Rather he contains all of these in himself, being at rest (and) standing out of the one who stands 
continually, since there had appeared an Eternal Life, the Invisible and Triple-Powered Spirit 
which is in all of these who exist. And it surrounds them all, being higher than them all. A 
shadow... (15 lines missing) 

...he was filled with power. And he stood before them, empowering them all, and he filled them 
all." 

And concerning all of these things you have heard certainly. And do not seek anything more, but 
go. We do not know whether the Unknowable One has angels or gods, or whether the One who is 
at rest was containing anything within himself except the stillness, which is he, lest he be 
diminished. It is not fitting to spend more time seeking. It was appropriate that you (pi.) know, 
and that they speak with another one. But you will receive them ... (5 lines missing) 

... and he said to me, "Write down the things that I shall tell you, and of which I shall remind you, 
for the sake of those who will be worthy after you. And you will leave this book upon a mountain 
and you will adjure the guardian: "Come Dreadful One". 

And after he said these (things), he separated from me. But I was full of joy, and I wrote this book 
which was appointed for me, my son Messos, in order that I might disclose to you the (things) that 
were proclaimed before me in my presence. And at first I received them in great silence, and I 
stood by myself, preparing myself. These are the things that were disclosed to me, O my son 
Messos ... (13 lines missing) 

... proclaim them, O my son Messos, as the seal for all the books of Allogenes. 

Allogenes 



257 



Hy psiphrone 



CODEX XI 

Translated by John D. Turner 

Selection made from James M. Robinson, ed., The Nag Hammadi Library, revised edition. HarperCollins, San Francisco, 1990. 

The book concerning the things that were seen by Hypsiphrone 
being revealed in the place of her virginity. And she listens to her 
brethren [...] Phainops and [...], and they speak with one another in 
a mystery. 

Now I was first by individual ranking [...] I came forth to the place 
of my virginity and I went down to the world. Then I was told 
about them (by) those who abide in the place of my virginity. 

And I went down to the world and they said to me, 'Again 
Hypsiphrone has withdrawn outside the place of her virginity." 
Then the one who heard, Phainops, who breathes into her fount of 
blood, spread out for her. 

And he said, ["I am Phainops ...] err [...] desire [... the number] of 
just the human remnants or that I may see a [man, the blood- 
likeness or ...] of a [... fire] and a [... in] his hands. 

Then as for me, I said to him, "Phainops has not come upon me; he 
has not gone astray. [...] see a man [...] him [...] For [...] which he 
said [...] Phainops this [...]. 

I saw him and he said to me, "Hypsiphrone, why do you dwell 
outside me? Follow me and I will tell you about them." So I 
followed him, for I was in great fear. And he told me about a fount 
of blood that is revealed by setting afire [...] he said [...]. 



£58 



The Sentences of Sextus 



CODEX XII 

Translated by Frederik Wisse 

Selection made from James M. Robinson, ed., The Nag Hammadi Library, revised edition. HarperCollins, San Francisco, 1990. 

(157) [...] is a sign of ignorance. 

(158/159) Love the truth, and the lie use like poison. 

(160) May the right time precede your words. 

(161/162) Speak when it is not proper to be silent, but speak concerning the things you know 
(only) then when it is fitting. 

(163a) The untimely word is characteristic of an evil mind. 
(163b) When it is proper to act, do not use a word. 
(164a) Do not wish to speak first in the midst of a crowd. 
(164b) While it is a skill to speak, it is also a skill to be silent. 

(165a) It is better for you to be defeated while speaking the truth, than to be victorious through 
deceit. 

(165b) He who is victorious through deceit is defeated by the truth. 
(165c) Untrue words are a characteristic of evil persons. 
(165d) There has to be a great crisis before the lie is necessary. 

(165e) When there is someone, while you speak the truth, even if you lie there is no sin. 
(165f) Do not deceive anyone, especially him who needs advice. 

(166) Faithful is he who is first with all good works. 

(167) Wisdom leads the soul to the place of God. 

(168) There is no kinsman of the truth except wisdom. 

(169) It is not possible for a believing nature to become fond of lying. 

(170) A fearful and slavish nature will not be able to partake in faith. 

(171a) When you are faithful, what it is fitting to say is not of greater value than the hearing. 
(171b) When you are with believing persons, desire to listen rather than to speak. 

(172) A pleasure-loving man is useless in everything. 

(173) When there is no (accounting of) sin, do not speak in anything (which is) from God. 

(174) The sins of those who are ignorant are the shame of those who have taught them. 

(175) Those on account of whom the name of God is blasphemed are dead before God. 

(176) A wise man is a doer of good works after God. 

(177) May your life confirm your words before those who hear. 

(178) What it is not right to do, do not even consider doing it. 

(179) What you do not want to happen to you, do not do it yourself either. 

(180) What it is shameful to do, is also ... 
(pp. 17-26 are missing) 

(307/308) He is a wise man who commends God to men, and God thinks more highly of the wise 
man than his own works. 

(309) After God, no one is as free as the wise man. 

(310) Everything God possesses, the wise man has also. 

(311/312) The wise man shares in the kingdom of God; an evil man does not want the 
foreknowledge of God to come to pass. 



259 



(313) An evil soul flees from God. 

(314) Everything bad is the enemy of God. 

(315) What thinks in you, say with your mind that it is man. 

(316) Where your thought is, there is your goodness. 

(317) Do not seek goodness in flesh. 

(318) He who does not harm the soul neither does (so) to man. 

(319) After God, honor a wise man, since he is the servant of God. 

(320) To make the body of your soul a burden is pride, but to be able to restrain it gently when it is 
necessary, is blessedness. 

(321) Do not become guilty of your own death. Do not be angry at him who will take you out of 
(the) body and kill you. 

(322) If someone brings the wise man out of the body wickedly, he rather does what is good for 
him, for he has been released from bonds. 

(323) The fear of death grieves man because of the ignorance of the soul. 

(324) <It were better> for you had the man-killing sword not come into being; but when it comes, 
say with your mind that it does not exist. 

(325/326a) Someone who says "I believe," even if he spends a long time pretending, he will not 
prevail, but he will fall; as your heart is, (so) will be your life. 

(326b) A godly heart produces a blessed life. 

(327) He who will plot evil against another, he is the first [...]. 

(328) Let not an ungrateful man cause you to cease to do good. 

(329) Do not say with your mind that these things which were asked, (and) you gave immediately, 
are more valuable than the receiver. 

(330) You will use great property, if you give to the needy willingly. 

(331) Persuade a senseless brother not to be senseless; if he is mad, protect him. 

(332/334) Strive eagerly to be victorious over every man in prudence; maintain self-sufficiency. 

(333) You cannot receive understanding unless you know first that you possess <it>. In everything 
there is again this sentence. 

(335) The members of the body are a burden to those who do not use them. 

(336) It is better to serve others than to make others serve you. 

(337) He whom God will not bring out of (the) body, let him not burden himself. 

(338) Not only do not hold an opinion which does not benefit the needy, but also do not listen to 
it. 

(339) He who gives something without respect commits an outrage. [...]. 

(340) If you take on the guardianship of orphans, you will be the father of many children (and) 
you will be beloved of God. 

(341) He whom you serve because of honor, you have served for a wage. 

(342) If you have given that which honors you you have given not to man, but you have given 
for your own pleasure. 

(343/344) Do not provoke the anger of a mob. Know, then, what is fitting for the fortunate man to 
do. 

(345) It is better to die than to darken the soul because of the immoderation of the belly. 

(346) Say with your mind that the body is the garment of your soul: keep it, therefore, pure since it 
is innocent. 

(347) Whatever the soul will do while it is in (the) body, it has as witnesses when it goes into 
judgment. 



- EEO 



(348/349) Unclean demons do lay claim to a polluted soul; a faithful (and) good soul, evil demons 
will not be able to hinder in the way of God. 

(350) Do not give the word of God to everyone. 

(351) For those who are corrupted by glory it is not assuring to hear about God. 

(352/353) It is not a small danger for us to speak the truth about God; do not say anything about 
God before you have learned from God. 

(354/356) Do not speak with a godless person about God; if you are polluted on account of impure 
works, do not speak about God. 

(357) The true word about God is the word of God. 

(355) Speak concerning the word about God as if you were saying it in the presence of God. 

(358) If first your mind is persuaded that you have been god-loving, then speak to whomever you 
wish about God. 

(359) May your pious works precede every word about God. 

(360) Do not wish to speak with a crowd about God. 

(361) Be (more) sparing with a word about God (than) about a soul. 

(362) It is better to dispose of a soul than to discard at random a word about God. 

(363a) You conceive the body of a god-loving man, but you will not be able to rule over his speech. 
(363b) The lion also rules over the body of the wise man; also the tyrant rules over it alone. 

(364) If a tyrant threatens you, then, especially, remember God. 

(365) He who speaks the word of God to those for whom it is not lawful, he is the betrayer of God. 

(366) It is better for you to be silent about the word of God, than to speak recklessly. 

(367/368) He who speaks lies about God is lying to God; a man who does not have anything 
truthful to say about God is abandoned by God. 

(369) It is not possible for you to know God when you do not worship him. 

(370) A man who does evil to someone will not be able to worship God. 

(371) The love of man is the beginning of godliness. 

(372) He who takes care of men while praying for all of them - this is the truth of God. 

(373/374) It is God's business to save whom he wants; on the other hand, it is the business of the 
pious man to beseech God to save everyone. 

(375) When you pray for something and it happens to you through God, then say with your mind 
that you have [...]. 

(376a) A man who is worthy of God, he is God among men, and he is the son of God. 
(376b) Both the great one exists and he who is next to the great one exists. 

(377/378) It is better for man to be without anything than to have many things while not giving to 
the needy; so also you, if you pray to God, he will not give to you. 

(379) If you, from your whole heart, give your bread to the hungry, the gift is small, but the 
willingness is great with God. 

(380) He who thinks that no one is in the presence of God, he is not humble towards God. 

(381) He who makes his mind like unto God as far as he is able, he is the one who honors God 
greatly. 

(382) God does not need anything, but he rejoices over those who give to the needy. 

(383) The faithful do not speak many words, but their works are numerous. 

(384) It is a faithful person fond of learning who is the worker of the truth. 

(385) Adjust [...] the calamities, in order that [...]. 

(386) If you do not do evil to anyone, you will not be afraid of anyone. 

(387) The tyrant will not be able to take away happiness. 



(388) What is right to do, do it willingly. 

(389a) What is not right to do, do not do it in any way. 

(389b) Promise everything rather than to say "I am wise". 

(390) What you do well, say with your mind that it is God who does it. 

(391) No man who <looks> down upon the earth and upon tables is wise. 

(392) The philosopher who is an outer body, he is not the one to whom it is fitting to pay respect, 
but (the) philosopher according to the inner man. 

(393) Guard yourself from lying; there is he who deceives and there is he who is deceived. 

(394/395) Know who God is, and know who is the one who thinks in you; a good man is the good 
work of God. 

(396) They are miserable because of whom the word is blasphemed. 

(397) Death will not be able to destroy [...]. 
(pp. 35-end are missing) 



The Gospel of Truth 



CODEX XII 
Translated by Robert M. Grant 

From Robert M. Grant, Gnosticism (Harper & Brothers, New York, 1961), 
as quoted in Willis Barnstone, The Other Bible (Harper & Row, San Francisco, 1984). 

The gospel of truth is joy to those who have received from the Father of truth the gift of knowing 
him by the power of the Logos, who has come from the Pleroma and who is in the thought and the 
mind of the Father; he it is who is called "the Savior," since that is the name of the work which he 
must do for the redemption of those who have not known the Father. For the name of the gospel is 
the manifestation of hope, since that is the discovery of those who seek him, because the All 
sought him from whom it had come forth. You see, the All had been inside of him, that illimitable, 
inconceivable one, who is better than every thought. 

This ignorance of the Father brought about terror and fear. And terror became dense like a fog, 
that no one was able to see. Because of this, error became strong. But it worked on its hylic 
substance vainly, because it did not know the truth. It was in a fashioned form while it was 
preparing, in power and in beauty, the equivalent of truth. This then, was not a humiliation for 
him, that illimitable, inconceivable one. For they were as nothing, this terror and this forgetfulness 
and this figure of falsehood, whereas this established truth is unchanging, unperturbed and 
completely beautiful. 

For this reason, do not take error too seriously. Thus, since it had no root, it was in a fog as regards 
the Father, engaged in preparing works and forgetfulnesses and fears in order, by these means, to 
beguile those of the middle and to make them captive. The forgetfulness of error was not revealed. 
It did not become light beside the Father. Forgetfulness did not exist with the Father, although it 
existed because of him. What exists in him is knowledge, which was revealed so that forgetfulness 
might be destroyed and that they might know the Father, Since forgetfulness existed because they 
did not know the Father, if they then come to know the Father, from that moment on forgetfulness 
will cease to exist. 

That is the gospel of him whom they seek, which he has revealed to the perfect through the 
mercies of the Father as the hidden mystery, Jesus the Christ. Through him he enlightened those 
who were in darkness because of forgetfulness. He enlightened them and gave them a path. And 
that path is the truth which he taught them. For this reason error was angry with him, so it 
persecuted him. It was distressed by him, so it made him powerless. He was nailed to a cross. He 
became a fruit of the knowledge of the Father. He did not, however, destroy them because they ate 
of it. He rather caused those who ate of it to be joyful because of this discovery. 

And as for him, them he found in himself, and him they found in themselves, that illimitable, 
inconceivable one, that perfect Father who made the all, in whom the All is, and whom the All 
lacks, since he retained in himself their perfection, which he had not given to the all. The Father 
was not jealous. What jealousy, indeed, is there between him and his members? For, even if the 
Aeon had received their perfection, they would not have been able to approach the perfection of 
the Father, because he retained their perfection in himself, giving it to them as a way to return to 
him and as a knowledge unique in perfection. He is the one who set the All in order and in whom 
the All existed and whom the All lacked. As one of whom some have no knowledge, he desires 
that they know him and that they love him. For what is it that the All lacked, if not the knowledge 
of the Father? 

He became a guide, quiet and in leisure. In the middle of a school he came and spoke the Word, as 
a teacher. Those who were wise in their own estimation came to put him to the test. But he 
discredited them as empty-headed people. They hated him because they really were not wise men. 
After all these came also the little children, those who possess the knowledge of the Father. When 
they became strong they were taught the aspects of the Father's face. They came to know and they 



e 63 



were known. They were glorified and they gave glory. In their heart, the living book of the Living 
was manifest, the book which was written in the thought and in the mind of the Father and, from 
before the foundation of the All, is in that incomprehensible part of him. 

This is the book which no one found possible to take, since it was reserved for him who will take it 
and be slain. No one was able to be manifest from those who believed in salvation as long as that 
book had not appeared. For this reason, the compassionate, faithful Jesus was patient in his 
sufferings until he took that book, since he knew that his death meant life for many. Just as in the 
case of a will which has not yet been opened, for the fortune of the deceased master of the house is 
hidden, so also in the case of the All which had been hidden as long as the Father of the All was 
invisible and unique in himself, in whom every space has its source. For this reason Jesus 
appeared. He took that book as his own. He was nailed to a cross. He affixed the edict of the 
Father to the cross. 

Oh, such great teaching! He abases himself even unto death, though he is clothed in eternal life. 
Having divested himself of these perishable rags, he clothed himself in incorruptibility, which no 
one could possibly take from him. Having entered into the empty territory of fears, he passed 
before those who were stripped by forgetfulness, being both knowledge and perfection, 
proclaiming the things that are in the heart of the Father, so that he became the wisdom of those 
who have received instruction. But those who are to be taught, the living who are inscribed in the 
book of the living, learn for themselves, receiving instructions from the Father, turning to him 
again. 

Since the perfection of the All is in the Father, it is necessary for the All to ascend to him. 
Therefore, if one has knowledge, he gets what belongs to him and draws it to himself. For he who 
is ignorant, is deficient, and it is a great deficiency, since he lacks that which will make him 
perfect. Since the perfection of the All is in the Father, it is necessary for the All to ascend to him 
and for each one to get the things which are his. He registered them first, having prepared them to 
be given to those who came from him. 

Those whose name he knew first were called last, so that the one who has knowledge is he whose 
name the Father has pronounced. For he whose name has not been spoken is ignorant. Indeed, 
how shall one hear if his name has not been uttered? For he who remains ignorant until the end is 
a creature of forgetfulness and will perish with it. If this is not so, why have these wretches no 
name, why do they have no sound? Hence, if one has knowledge, he is from above. If he is called, 
he hears, he replies, and he turns toward him who called him and he ascends to him and he 
knows what he is called. Since he has knowledge, he does the will of him who called him. He 
desires to please him and he finds rest. He receives a certain name. He who thus is going to have 
knowledge knows whence he came and whither he is going. He knows it as a person who, having 
become intoxicated, has turned from his drunkenness and having come to himself, has restored 
what is his own. 

He has turned many from error. He went before them to their own places, from which they 
departed when they erred because of the depth of him who surrounds every place, whereas there 
is nothing which surrounds him. It was a great wonder that they were in the Father without 
knowing him and that they were able to leave on their own, since they were not able to contain 
him and know him in whom they were, for indeed his will had not come forth from him. For he 
revealed it as a knowledge with which all its emanations agree, namely, the knowledge of the 
living book which he revealed to the Aeons at last as his letters, displaying to them that these are 
not merely vowels nor consonants, so that one may read them and think of something void of 
meaning; on the contrary, they are letters which convey the truth. They are pronounced only 
when they are known. Each letter is a perfect truth like a perfect book, for they are letters written 
by the hand of the unity, since the Father wrote them for the Aeons, so that they by means of his 
letters might come to know the Father. 

While his wisdom mediates on the logos, and since his teaching expresses it, his knowledge has 
been revealed. His honor is a crown upon it. Since his joy agrees with it, his glory exalted it. It has 
revealed his image. It has obtained his rest. His love took bodily form around it. His trust 



- EG4 



embraced it. Thus the logos of the Father goes forth into the All, being the fruit of his heart and 
expression of his will. It supports the All. It chooses and also takes the form of the All, purifying it, 
and causing it to return to the Father and to the Mother, Jesus of the utmost sweetness. The Father 
opens his bosom, but his bosom is the Holy Spirit. He reveals his hidden self which is his son, so 
that through the compassion of the Father the Aeons may know him, end their wearying search 
for the Father and rest themselves in him, knowing that this is rest. After he had filled what was 
incomplete, he did away with form. The form of it is the world, that which it served. For where 
there is envy and strife, there is an incompleteness; but where there is unity, there is completeness. 
Since this incompleteness came about because they did not know the Father, so when they know 
the Father, incompleteness, from that moment on, will cease to exist. As one's ignorance 
disappears when he gains knowledge, and as darkness disappears when light appears, so also 
incompleteness is eliminated by completeness. Certainly, from that moment on, form is no longer 
manifest, but will be dissolved in fusion with unity. For now their works lie scattered. In time 
unity will make the spaces complete. By means of unity each one will understand itself. By means 
of knowledge it will purify itself of diversity with a view towards unity, devouring matter within 
itself like fire and darkness by light, death by life. 

Certainly, if these things have happened to each one of us, it is fitting for us, surely, to think about 
the All so that the house may be holy and silent for unity. Like people who have moved from a 
neighborhood, if they have some dishes around which are not good, they usually break them. 
Nevertheless the householder does not suffer a loss, but rejoices, for in the place of these defective 
dishes there are those which are completely perfect. For this is the judgement which has come 
from above and which has judged every person, a drawn two-edged sword cutting on this side 
and that. When it appeared, I mean, the Logos, who is in the heart of those who pronounce it - it 
was not merely a sound but it has become a body - a great disturbance occurred among the dishes, 
for some were emptied, others filled: some were provided for, others were removed; some were 
purified, still others were broken. All the spaces were shaken and disturbed for they had no 
composure nor stability. Error was disturbed not knowing what it should do. It was troubled; it 
lamented, it was beside itself because it did not know anything. When knowledge, which is its 
abolishment, approached it with all its emanations, error is empty, since there is nothing in it. 
Truth appeared; all its emanations recognized it. They actually greeted the Father with a power 
which is complete and which joins them with the Father. For each one loves truth because truth is 
the mouth of the Father. His tongue is the Holy Spirit, who joins him to truth attaching him to the 
mouth of the Father by his tongue at the time he shall receive the Holy Spirit. 

This is the manifestation of the Father and his revelation to his Aeons. He revealed his hidden self 
and explained it. For who is it who exists if it is not the Father himself? All the spaces are his 
emanations. They knew that they stem from him as children from a perfect man. They knew that 
they had not yet received form nor had they yet received a name, every one of which the Father 
produces. If they at that time receive form of his knowledge, though they are truly in him, they do 
not know him. But the Father is perfect. He knows every space which is within him. If he pleases, 
he reveals anyone whom he desires by giving him a form and by giving him a name; and he does 
give him a name and cause him to come into being. Those who do not yet exist are ignorant of him 
who created them. I do not say, then, that those who do not yet exist are nothing. But they are in 
him who will desire that they exist when he pleases, like the event which is going to happen. On 
the one hand, he knows, before anything is revealed, what he will produce. On the other hand, the 
fruit which has not yet been revealed does not know anything, nor is it anything either. Thus each 
space which, on its part, is in the Father comes from the existent one, who, on his part, has 
established it from the nonexistent. [...] he who does not exist at all, will never exist. 

What, then, is that which he wants him to think? "I am like the shadows and phantoms of the 
night." When morning comes, this one knows that the fear which he had experienced was nothing. 
Thus they were ignorant of the Father; he is the one whom they did not see. Since there had been 
fear and confusion and a lack of confidence and doublemindness and division, there were many 
illusions which were conceived by him, the foregoing, as well as empty ignorance - as if they were 
fast asleep and found themselves a prey to troubled dreams. Either there is a place to which they 



265 



flee, or they lack strength as they come, having pursued unspecified things. Either they are 
involved in inflicting blows, or they themselves receive bruises. Either they are falling from high 
places, or they fly off through the air, though they have no wings at all. Other times, it is as if 
certain people were trying to kill them, even though there is no one pursuing them; or, they 
themselves are killing those beside them, for they are stained by their blood. Until the moment 
when they who are passing through all these things - 1 mean they who have experienced all these 
confusions - awake, they see nothing because the dreams were nothing. It is thus that they who 
cast ignorance from them as sheep do not consider it to be anything, nor regard its properties to be 
something real, but they renounce them like a dream in the night and they consider the 
knowledge of the Father to be the dawn. It is thus that each one has acted, as if he were asleep, 
during the time when he was ignorant and thus he comes to understand, as if he were awakening. 
And happy is the man who comes to himself and awakens. Indeed, blessed is he who has opened 
the eyes of the blind. 

And the Spirit came to him in haste when it raised him. Having given its hand to the one lying 
prone on the ground, it placed him firmly on his feet, for he had not yet stood up. He gave them 
the means of knowing the knowledge of the Father and the revelation of his son. For when they 
saw it and listened to it, he permitted them to take a taste of and to smell and to grasp the beloved 
son. 

He appeared, informing them of the Father, the illimitable one. He inspired them with that which 
is in the mind, while doing his will. Many received the light and turned towards him. But material 
men were alien to him and did not discern his appearance nor recognize him. For he came in the 
likeness of flesh and nothing blocked his way because it was incorruptible and unrestrainable. 
Moreover, while saying new things, speaking about what is in the heart of the Father, he 
proclaimed the faultless word. Light spoke through his mouth, and his voice brought forth life. He 
gave them thought and understanding and mercy and salvation and the Spirit of strength derived 
from the limitlessness of the Father and sweetness. He caused punishments and scourgings to 
cease, for it was they which caused many in need of mercy to astray from him in error and in 
chains - and he mightily destroyed them and derided them with knowledge. He became a path for 
those who went astray and knowledge to those who were ignorant, a discovery for those who 
sought, and a support for those who tremble, a purity for those who were defiled. 

He is the shepherd who left behind the ninety-nine sheep which had not strayed and went in 
search of that one which was lost. He rejoiced when he had found it. For ninety-nine is a number 
of the left hand, which holds it. The moment he finds the one, however, the whole number is 
transferred to the right hand. Thus it is with him who lacks the one, that is, the entire right hand 
which attracts that in which it is deficient, seizes it from the left side and transfers it to the right. In 
this way, then, the number becomes one hundred. This number signifies the Father. 

He labored even on the Sabbath for the sheep which he found fallen into the pit. He saved the life 
of that sheep, bringing it up from the pit in order that you may understand fully what that 
Sabbath is, you who possess full understanding. It is a day in which it is not fitting that salvation 
be idle, so that you may speak of that heavenly day which has no night and of the sun which does 
not set because it is perfect. Say then in your heart that you are this perfect day and that in you the 
light which does not fail dwells. 

Speak concerning the truth to those who seek it and of knowledge to those who, in their error, 
have committed sin. Make sure-footed those who stumble and stretch forth your hands to the sick. 
Nourish the hungry and set at ease those who are troubled. Foster men who love. Raise up and 
awaken those who sleep. For you are this understanding which encourages. If the strong follow 
this course, they are even stronger. Turn your attention to yourselves. Do not be concerned with 
other things, namely, that which you have cast forth from yourselves, that which you have 
dismissed. Do not return to them to eat them. Do not be moth-eaten. Do not be worm-eaten, for 
you have already shaken it off. Do not be a place of the devil, for you have already destroyed him. 
Do not strengthen your last obstacles, because that is reprehensible. For the lawless one is nothing. 
He harms himself more than the law. For that one does his works because he is a lawless person. 



EGG 



But this one, because he is a righteous person, does his works among others. Do the will of the 
Father, then, for you are from him. 

For the Father is sweet and his will is good. He knows the things that are yours, so that you may 
rest yourselves in them. For by the fruits one knows the things that are yours, that they are the 
children of the Father, and one knows his aroma, that you originate from the grace of his 
countenance. For this reason, the Father loved his aroma; and it manifests itself in every place; and 
when it is mixed with matter, he gives his aroma to the light; and into his rest he causes it to 
ascend in every form and in every sound. For there are no nostrils which smell the aroma, but it is 
the Spirit which possesses the sense of smell and it draws it for itself to itself and sinks into the 
aroma of the Father. He is, indeed, the place for it, and he takes it to the place from which it has 
come, in the first aroma which is cold. It is something in a psychic form, resembling cold water 
which is [...] since it is in soil which is not hard, of which those who see it think, "It is earth." 
Afterwards, it becomes soft again. If a breath is taken, it is usually hot. The cold aromas, then, are 
from the division. For this reason, God came and destroyed the division and he brought the hot 
Pleroma of love, so that the cold may not return, but the unity of the Perfect Thought prevail. 

This is the word of the Gospel of the finding of the Pleroma for those who wait for the salvation 
which comes from above. When their hope, for which they are waiting, is waiting - they whose 
likeness is the light in which there is no shadow, then at that time the Pleroma is about to come. 
The deficiency of matter, however, is not because of the limitlessness of the Father who comes at 
the time of the deficiency. And yet no one is able to say that the incorruptible One will come in 
this manner. But the depth of the Father is increasing, and the thought of error is not with him. It 
is a matter of falling down and a matter of being readily set upright at the finding of that one who 
has come to him who will turn back. 

For this turning back is called "repentance". For this reason, incorruption has breathed. It followed 
him who has sinned in order that he may find rest. For forgiveness is that which remains for the 
light in the deficiency, the word of the pleroma. For the physician hurries to the place in which 
there is sickness, because that is the desire which he has. The sick man is in a deficient condition, 
but he does not hide himself because the physician possesses that which he lacks. In this manner 
the deficiency is filled by the Pleroma, which has no deficiency, which has given itself out in order 
to fill the one who is deficient, so that grace may take him, then, from the area which is deficient 
and has no grace. Because of this a diminishing occurred in the place which there is no grace, the 
area where the one who is small, who is deficient, is taken hold of. 

He revealed himself as a Pleroma, i.e., the finding of the light of truth which has shined towards 
him, because he is unchangeable. For this reason, they who have been troubled speak about Christ 
in their midst so that they may receive a return and he may anoint them with the ointment. The 
ointment is the pity of the Father, who will have mercy on them. But those whom he has anointed 
are those who are perfect. For the filled vessels are those which are customarily used for anointing. 
But when an anointing is finished, the vessel is usually empty, and the cause of its deficiency is 
the consumption of its ointment. For then a breath is drawn only through the power which he has. 
But the one who is without deficiency - one does not trust anyone beside him nor does one pour 
anything out. But that which is the deficient is filled again by the perfect Father. He is good. He 
knows his plantings because he is the one who has planted them in his Paradise. And his Paradise 
is his place of rest. 

This is the perfection in the thought of the Father and these are the words of his reflection. Each 
one of his words is the work of his will alone, in the revelation of his Logos. Since they were in the 
depth of his mind, the Logos, who was the first to come forth, caused them to appear, along with 
an intellect which speaks the unique word by means of a silent grace. It was called "thought," since 
they were in it before becoming manifest. It happened, then, that it was the first to come forth - at 
the moment pleasing to the will of him who desired it; and it is in the will that the Father is at rest 
and with which he is pleased. Nothing happens without him, nor does anything occur without the 
will of the Father. But his will is incomprehensible. His will is his mark, but no one can know it, 
nor is it possible for them to concentrate on it in order to possess it. But that which he wishes takes 
place at the moment he wishes it - even if the view does not please anyone: it is God's will. For the 



EG7 



Father knows the beginning of them all as well as their end. For when their end arrives, he will 
question them to their faces. The end, you see, is the recognition of him who is hidden, that is, the 
Father, from whom the beginning came forth and to whom will return all who have come from 
him. For they were made manifest for the glory and the joy of his name. 

And the name of the Father is the Son. It is he who, in the beginning, gave a name to him who 
came forth from him - he is the same one - and he begat him for a son. He gave him his name 
which belonged to him - he, the Father, who possesses everything which exists around him. He 
possess the name; he has the son. It is possible for them to see him. The name, however, is 
invisible, for it alone is the mystery of the invisible about to come to ears completely filled with it 
through the Father's agency. Moreover, as for the Father, his name is not pronounced, but it is 
revealed through a son. Thus, then, the name is great. 

Who, then, has been able to pronounce a name for him, this great name, except him alone to 
whom the name belongs and the sons of the name in whom the name of the Father is at rest, and 
who themselves in turn are at rest in his name, since the Father has no beginning? It is he alone 
who engendered it for himself as a name in the beginning before he had created the Aeons, that 
the name of the Father should be over their heads as a lord - that is, the real name, which is secure 
by his authority and by his perfect power. For the name is not drawn from lexicons nor is his 
name derived from common name-giving, But it is invisible. He gave a name to himself alone, 
because he alone saw it and because he alone was capable of giving himself a name. For he who 
does not exist has no name. For what name would one give him who did not exist? Nevertheless, 
he who exists also with his name and he alone knows it, and to him alone the Father gave a name. 
The Son is his name. He did not, therefore, keep it secretly hidden, but the son came into existence. 
He himself gave a name to him. The name, then, is that of the Father, just as the name of the 
Father is the Son. For otherwise, where would compassion find a name - outside of the Father? But 
someone will probably say to his companion, "Who would give a name to someone who existed 
before himself, as if, indeed, children did not receive their name from one of those who gave them 
birth?" 

Above all, then, it is fitting for us to think this point over: What is the name? It is the real name. It 
is, indeed, the name which came from the Father, for it is he who owns the name. He did not, you 
see, get the name on loan, as in the case of others because of the form in which each one of them is 
going to be created. This, then, is the authoritative name. There is no one else to whom he has 
given it. But it remained unnamed, unuttered, 'till the moment when he, who is perfect, 
pronounced it himself; and it was he alone who was able to pronounce his name and to see it. 
When it pleased him, then, that his son should be his pronounced name and when he gave this 
name to him, he who has come from the depth spoke of his secrets, because he knew that the 
Father was absolute goodness. For this reason, indeed, he sent this particular one in order that he 
might speak concerning the place and his place of rest from which he had come forth, and that he 
might glorify the Pleroma, the greatness of his name and the sweetness of his Father. 

Each one will speak concerning the place from which he has come forth, and to the region from 
which he received his essential being, he will hasten to return once again. And he want from that 
place - the place where he was - because he tasted of that place, as he was nourished and grew. 
And his own place of rest is his Pleroma. All the emanations from the Father, therefore, are 
Pleromas, and all his emanations have their roots in the one who caused them all to grow from 
himself. He appointed a limit. They, then, became manifest individually in order that they might 
be in their own thought, for that place to which they extend their thoughts is their root, which lifts 
them upward through all heights to the Father. They reach his head, which is rest for them, and 
they remain there near to it so that they say that they have participated in his face by means of 
embraces. But these of this kind were not manifest, because they have not risen above themselves. 
Neither have they been deprived of the glory of the Father nor have they thought of him as small, 
nor bitter, nor angry, but as absolutely good, unperturbed, sweet, knowing all the spaces before 
they came into existence and having no need of instruction. Such are they who possess from above 
something of this immeasurable greatness, as they strain towards that unique and perfect one who 
exists there for them. And they do not go down to Hades. They have neither envy nor moaning, 



e c a 



nor is death in them. But they rest in him who rests, without wearying themselves or becoming 
involved in the search for truth. But, they, indeed, are the truth, and the Father is in them, and 
they are in the Father, since they are perfect, inseparable from him who is truly good. They lack 
nothing in any way, but they are given rest and are refreshed by the Spirit. And they listen to their 
root; they have leisure for themselves, they in whom he will find his root, and he will suffer no 
loss to his soul. 

Such is the place of the blessed; this is their place. As for the rest, then, may they know, in their 
place, that it does not suit me, after having been in the place of rest to say anything more. But he is 
the one in whom I shall be in order to devote myself, at all times, to the Father of the All and the 
true brothers, those upon whom the love of the Father is lavished, and in whose midst nothing of 
him is lacking. It is they who manifest themselves truly since they are in that true and eternal life 
and speak of the perfect light filled with the seed of the Father, and which is in his heart and in the 
Pleroma, while his Spirit rejoices in it and glorifies him in whom it was, because the Father is 
good. And his children are perfect and worthy of his name, because he is the Father. Children of 
this kind are those whom he loves. 



EG9 



The Gospel of Truth 



CODEX XII 

Translated by Harold W. Attridge and George W. MacRae 

Selection made from James M. Robinson, ed., The Nag Hammadi Library, revised edition. HarperCollins, San Francisco, 1990. 

The gospel of truth is joy for those who have received from the Father of truth the grace of 
knowing him, through the power of the Word that came forth from the pleroma, the one who is in 
the thought and the mind of the Father, that is, the one who is addressed as 'the Savior', (that) 
being the name of the work he is to perform for the redemption of those who were ignorant of the 
Father, while in the name of the gospel is the proclamation of hope, being discovery for those who 
search for him. 

When the totality went about searching for the one from whom they had come forth - and the 
totality was inside of him, the incomprehensible, inconceivable one who is superior to every 
thought - ignorance of the Father brought about anguish and terror; and the anguish grew solid 
like a fog, so that no one was able to see. For this reason, error became powerful; it worked on its 
own matter foolishly, not having known the truth. It set about with a creation, preparing with 
power and beauty the substitute for the truth. 

This was not, then, a humiliation for him, the incomprehensible, inconceivable one, for they were 
nothing, the anguish and the oblivion and the creature of deceit, while the established truth is 
immutable, imperturbable, perfect in beauty. For this reason, despise error. 

Thus, it had no root; it fell into a fog regarding the Father, while it was involved in preparing 
works and oblivions and terrors, in order that by means of these it might entice those of the 
middle and capture them. 

The oblivion of error was not revealed. It is not a [...] from the Father. Oblivion did not come into 
existence from the Father, although it did indeed come into existence because of him. But what 
comes into existence in him is knowledge, which appeared in order that oblivion might vanish 
and the Father might be known. Since oblivion came into existence because the Father was not 
known, then if the Father comes to be known, oblivion will not exist from that moment on. 

Through this, the gospel of the one who is searched for, which <was> revealed to those who are 
perfect, through the mercies of the Father, the hidden mystery, Jesus, the Christ, enlightened those 
who were in darkness through oblivion. He enlightened them; he showed (them) a way; and the 
way is the truth which he taught them. 

For this reason, error grew angry at him, persecuted him, was distressed at him, (and) was 
brought to naught. He was nailed to a tree (and) he became fruit of the knowledge of the Father. It 
did not, however, cause destruction because it was eaten, but to those who ate it, it gave (cause) to 
become glad in the discovery, and he discovered them in himself, and they discovered him in 
themselves. 

As for the incomprehensible, inconceivable one, the Father, the perfect one, the one who made the 
totality, within him is the totality, and of him the totality has need. Although he retained their 
perfection within himself, which he did not give to the totality, the Father was not jealous. What 
jealousy indeed (could there be) between himself and his members? For if this aeon had thus 
received their perfection, they could not have come [...] the Father. He retains within himself their 
perfection, granting it to them as a return to him, and a perfectly unitary knowledge. It is he who 
fashioned the totality, and within him is the totality, and the totality was in need of him. 

As in the case of a person of whom some are ignorant, he wishes to have them know him and love 
him, so - for what did the totality have need of if not knowledge regarding the Father? - he became 
a guide, restful and leisurely. In schools he appeared, (and) he spoke the word as a teacher. There 
came the men wise in their own estimation, putting him to the test. But he confounded them, 
because they were foolish. They hated him, because they were not really wise. 



E7D 



After all these, there came the little children also, those to whom the knowledge of the Father 
belongs. Having been strengthened, they learned about the impressions of the Father. They knew, 
they were known; they were glorified, they glorified. There was manifested in their heart the 
living book of the living - the one written in the thought and the mind of the Father, which from 
before the foundation of the totality was within his incomprehensibility - that (book) which no one 
was able to take, since it remains for the one who will take it to be slain. No one could have 
become manifest from among those who have believed in salvation unless that book had 
appeared. For this reason, the merciful one, the faithful one, Jesus, was patient in accepting 
sufferings until he took that book, since he knows that his death is life for many. 

Just as there lies hidden in a will, before it is opened, the fortune of the deceased master of the 
house, so (it is) with the totality, which lay hidden while the Father of the totality was invisible, 
being something which is from him, from whom every space comes forth. For this reason Jesus 
appeared; he put on that book; he was nailed to a tree; he published the edict of the Father on the 
cross. O such great teaching! He draws himself down to death, though life eternal clothes him. 
Having stripped himself of the perishable rags, he put on imperishability, which no one can 
possibly take away from him. Having entered the empty spaces of terrors, he passed through 
those who were stripped naked by oblivion, being knowledge and perfection, proclaiming the 
things that are in the heart, [...] teach those who will receive teaching. 

But those who are to receive teaching are the living, who are inscribed in the book of the living. It 
is about themselves that they receive instruction, receiving it from the Father, turning again to 
him. Since the perfection of the totality is in the Father, it is necessary for the totality to ascend to 
him. Then, if one has knowledge, he receives what are his own, and draws them to himself. For he 
who is ignorant is in need, and what he lacks is great, since he lacks that which will make him 
perfect. Since the perfection of the totality is in the Father, and it is necessary for the totality to 
ascend to him, and for each one to receive what are his own, he enrolled them in advance, having 
prepared them to give to those who came forth from him. 

Those whose name he knew in advance were called at the end, so that one who has knowledge is 
the one whose name the Father has uttered. For he whose name has not been spoken is ignorant. 
Indeed, how is one to hear, if his name has not been called? For he who is ignorant until the end is 
a creature of oblivion, and he will vanish along with it. If not, how is it that these miserable ones 
have no name, (that) they do not have the call? Therefore, if one has knowledge, his is from above. 
If he is called, he hears, he answers, and he turns to him who is calling him, and ascends to him. 
And he knows in what manner he is called. Having knowledge, he does the will of the one who 
called him, he wishes to be pleasing to him, he receives rest. Each one's name comes to him. He 
who is to have knowledge in this manner knows where he comes from and where he is going. He 
knows as one who, having become drunk, has turned away from his drunkenness, (and) having 
returned to himself, has set right what are his own. 

He has brought many back from error. He has gone before them to their places, from which they 
had moved away, since it was on account of the depth that they received error, the depth of the 
one who encircles all spaces, while there is none that encircles him. It was a great wonder that 
they were in the Father, not knowing him, and (that) they were able to come forth by themselves, 
since they were unable to comprehend or to know the one in whom they were. For if his will had 
not thus emerged from him - for he revealed it in view of a knowledge in which all its emanations 
concur. 

This is the knowledge of the living book, which he revealed to the aeons at the end as his letters, 
revealing how they are not vowels nor are they consonants, so that one might read them and think 
of something foolish, but (rather that) they are letters of the truth, which they alone speak who 
know them. Each letter is a complete <thought>, like a complete book, since they are letters 
written by the Unity, the Father having written them for the aeons, in order that by means of his 
letters they should know the Father. 

While his wisdom contemplates the Word, and his teaching utters it, his knowledge has revealed 
<it>. While forebear ance is a crown upon it, and his gladness is in harmony with it, his glory has 



E71 



exalted it, his image has revealed it, his repose has received it into itself, his love has made a body 
over it, his fidelity has embraced it. In this way, the Word of the Father goes forth in the totality, as 
the fruit of his heart and an impression of his will. But it supports the totality, purifying them, 
bringing them back into the Father, into the Mother, Jesus of the infinite sweetness. 

The Father reveals his bosom. - Now his bosom is the Holy Spirit. - He reveals what is hidden of 
him - what is hidden of him is his Son - so that through the mercies of the Father, the aeons may 
know him and cease laboring in search of the Father, resting there in him, knowing that this is the 
(final) rest. Having filled the deficiency, he abolished the form - the form of it is the world, that in 
which he served. - For the place where there is envy and strife is deficient, but the place where 
(there is) Unity is perfect. Since the deficiency came into being because the Father was not known, 
therefore, when the Father is known, from that moment on, the deficiency will no longer exist. As 
in the case of the ignorance of a person, when he comes to have knowledge, his ignorance 
vanishes of itself, as the darkness vanishes when the light appears, so also the deficiency vanishes 
in the perfection. So from that moment on, the form is not apparent, but it will vanish in the fusion 
of Unity, for now their works lie scattered. In time, Unity will perfect the spaces. It is within Unity 
that each one will attain himself; within knowledge, he will purify himself from multiplicity into 
Unity, consuming matter within himself like fire, and darkness by light, death by life. 

If indeed these things have happened to each one of us, then we must see to it above all that the 
house will be holy and silent for the Unity - as in the case of some people who moved out of 
dwellings having jars that in spots were not good. They would break them, and the master of the 
house would not suffer loss. Rather, <he> is glad, because in place of the bad jars (there are) full 
ones which are made perfect. For such is the judgment which has come from above. It has passed 
judgment on everyone; it is a drawn sword, with two edges, cutting on either side. When the 
Word appeared, the one that is within the heart of those who utter it - it is not a sound alone, but it 
became a body - a great disturbance took place among the jars, because some had been emptied, 
others filled; that is, some had been supplied, others poured out, some had been purified, still 
others broken up. All the spaces were shaken and disturbed, because they had no order nor 
stability. Error was upset, not knowing what to do; it was grieved, in mourning, afflicting itself 
because it knew nothing. When knowledge drew near it - this is the downfall of (error) and all its 
emanations - error is empty, having nothing inside. 

Truth appeared; all its emanations knew it. They greeted the Father in truth with a perfect power 
that joins them with the Father. For, as for everyone who loves the truth - because the truth is the 
mouth of the Father; his tongue is the Holy Spirit - he who is joined to the truth is joined to the 
Father's mouth by his tongue, whenever he is to receive the Holy Spirit, since this is the 
manifestation of the Father, and his revelation to his aeons. 

He manifested what was hidden of him; he explained it. For who contains, if not the Father alone? 
All the spaces are his emanations. They have known that they came forth from him, like children 
who are from a grown man. They knew that they had not yet received form, nor yet received a 
name, each one of which the Father begets. Then, when they receive form by his knowledge, 
though truly within him, they do not know him. But the Father is perfect, knowing every space 
within him. If he wishes, he manifests whomever he wishes, by giving him form and giving him a 
name, and he gives a name to him, and brings it about that those come into existence who, before 
they come into existence, are ignorant of him who fashioned them. 

I do not say, then, that they are nothing (at all) who have not yet come into existence, but they are 
in him who will wish that they come into existence when he wishes, like the time that is to come. 
Before all things appear, he knows what he will produce. But the fruit which is not yet manifest 
does not know anything, nor does it do anything. Thus also, every space which is itself in the 
Father is from the one who exists, who established it from what does not exist. For he who has no 
root has no fruit either, but though he thinks to himself, "I have come into being," yet he will 
perish by himself. For this reason, he who did not exist at all will never come into existence. What, 
then, did he wish him to think of himself? This: "I have come into being like the shadows and 
phantoms of the night." When the light shines on the terror which that person had experienced, he 
knows that it is nothing. 



8 72 



Thus, they were ignorant of the Father, he being the one whom they did not see. Since it was terror 
and disturbance and instability and doubt and division, there were many illusions at work by 
means of these, and (many) empty fictions, as if they were sunk in sleep, and found themselves in 
disturbing dreams. Either (there is) a place to which they are fleeing, or without strength they 
come (from) having chased after others, or they are involved in striking blows, or they are 
receiving blows themselves, or they have fallen from high places, or they take off into the air, 
though they do not even have wings. Again, sometimes (it is as) if people were murdering them, 
though there is no one even pursuing them, or they themselves are killing their neighbors, for they 
have been stained with their blood. When those who are going through all these things wake up, 
they see nothing, they who were in the midst of all these disturbances, for they are nothing. Such 
is the way of those who have cast ignorance aside from them like sleep, not esteeming it as 
anything, nor do they esteem its works as solid things either, but (rather,) they leave them behind 
like a dream in the night. The knowledge of the Father, they value as the dawn. This is the way 
each one has acted, as though asleep at the time when he was ignorant. And this is the way he has 
<come to knowledge>, as if he had awakened, {and} Good for the man who will return and 
awaken. And blessed is he who has opened the eyes of the blind. 

And the Spirit ran after him, hastening from waking him up. Having extended his hand to him 
who lay upon the ground, he set him up on his feet, for he had not yet risen. He gave them the 
means of knowing the knowledge of the Father and the revelation of his Son. For when they had 
seen him and had heard him, he granted them to taste him, and to smell him, and to touch the 
beloved Son. 

When he had appeared, instructing them about the Father, the incomprehensible one, when he 
had breathed into them what is in the thought, doing his will, when many had received the light, 
they turned to him. For the material ones were strangers, and did not see his likeness, and had not 
known him. For he came by means of fleshly form, while nothing blocked his course, because 
incorruptibility is irresistible, since he, again, spoke new things, still speaking about what is in the 
heart of the Father, having brought forth the flawless Word. 

When light had spoken through his mouth, as well as his voice, which gave birth to life, he gave 
them thought and understanding, and mercy and salvation, and the powerful spirit from the 
infiniteness and the sweetness of the Father. Having made punishments and tortures cease - for it 
was they which were leading astray from his face some who were in need of mercy, in error and 
in bonds - he both destroyed them with power and confounded them with knowledge. He became 
a way for those who were gone astray, and knowledge for those who were ignorant, a discovery 
for those who were searching, and a support for those who were wavering, immaculateness for 
those who were defiled. 

He is the shepherd who left behind the ninety-nine sheep which were not lost. He went searching 
for the one which had gone astray. He rejoiced when he found it, for ninety-nine is a number that 
is in the left hand, which holds it. But when the one is found, the entire number passes to the right 
(hand). As that which lacks the one - that is, the entire right (hand) - draws what was deficient and 
takes it from the left-hand side and brings (it) to the right, so too the number becomes one 
hundred. It is the sign of the one who is in their sound; it is the Father. Even on the Sabbath, he 
labored for the sheep which he found fallen into the pit. He gave life to the sheep, having brought 
it up from the pit, in order that you might know interiorly - you, the sons of interior knowledge - 
what is the Sabbath, on which it is not fitting for salvation to be idle, in order that you may speak 
from the day from above, which has no night, and from the light which does not sink, because it is 
perfect. 

Say, then, from the heart, that you are the perfect day, and in you dwells the light that does not 
fail. Speak of the truth with those who search for it, and (of) knowledge to those who have 
committed sin in their error. Make firm the foot of those who have stumbled, and stretch out your 
hands to those who are ill. Feed those who are hungry, and give repose to those who are weary, 
and raise up those who wish to rise, and awaken those who sleep. For you are the understanding 
that is drawn forth. If strength acts thus, it becomes even stronger. Be concerned with yourselves; 
do not be concerned with other things which you have rejected from yourselves. Do not return to 



B73 



what you have vomited, to eat it. Do not be moths. Do not be worms, for you have already cast it 
off. Do not become a (dwelling) place for the devil, for you have already destroyed him. Do not 
strengthen (those who are) obstacles to you, who are collapsing, as though (you were) a support 
(for them). For the lawless one is someone to treat ill, rather than the just one. For the former does 
his work as a lawless person; the latter as a righteous person does his work among others. So you, 
do the will of the Father, for you are from him. 

For the Father is sweet, and in his will is what is good. He has taken cognizance of the things that 
are yours, that you might find rest in them. For by the fruits does one take cognizance of the 
things that are yours, because the children of the Father are his fragrance, for they are from the 
grace of his countenance. For this reason, the Father loves his fragrance, and manifests it in every 
place. And if it mixes with matter, he gives his fragrance to the light, and in his repose, he causes it 
to surpass every form (and) every sound. For it is not the ears that smell the fragrance, but (it is) 
the breath that has the sense of smell and attracts the fragrance to itself, and is submerged in the 
fragrance of the Father, so that he thus shelters it, and takes it to the place where it came from, 
from the first fragrance, which is grown cold. It is something in a psychic form, being like cold 
water which has frozen (?), which is on earth that is not solid, of which those who see it think it is 
earth; afterwards, it dissolves again. If a breath draws it, it gets hot. The fragrances, therefore, that 
are cold are from the division. For this reason, faith came; it dissolved the division, and it brought 
the warm pleroma of love, in order that the cold should not come again, but (that) there should be 
the unity of perfect thought. 

This <is> the word of the gospel of the discovery of the pleroma, for those who await the salvation 
which is coming from on high. While their hope, for which they are waiting, is in waiting - they 
whose image is light with no shadow in it - then, at that time, the pleroma is proceeding to come. 
The <deficiency> of matter came to be not through the limitlessness of the Father, who is coming 
to give time for the deficiency, although no one could say that the incorruptible one would come 
in this way. But the depth of the Father was multiplied, and the thought of error did not exist with 
him. It is a thing that falls, (and) it is a thing that easily stands upright (again), in the discovery of 
him who has come to him whom he shall bring back. For the bringing-back is called 'repentence'. 

For this reason, incorruptibility breathed forth; it pursued the one who had sinned, in order that 
he might rest. For forgiveness is what remains for the light in the deficiency, the word of the 
pleroma. For the physician runs to the place where sickness is, because that is the will that is in 
him. He who has a deficiency, then, does not hide it, because one has what the other lacks. So the 
pleroma, which has no deficiency, but (which) fills up the deficiency, is what he provided from 
himself for filling up what he lacks, in order that therefore he might receive the grace. For when he 
was deficient, he did not have the grace. That is why there was diminution existing in the place 
where there is no grace. When that which was diminished was received, he revealed what he 
lacked, being (now) a pleroma; that is the discovery of the light of truth which rose upon him 
because it is immutable. 

That is why Christ was spoken of in their midst, so that those who were disturbed might receive a 
bringing-back, and he might anoint them with the ointment. This ointment is the mercy of the 
Father, who will have mercy on them. But those whom he has anointed are the ones who have 
become perfect. For full jars are the ones that are usually anointed. But when the anointing of one 
(jar) is dissolved, it is emptied, and the reason for there being a deficiency is the thing by which its 
ointment goes. For at that time a breath draws it, a thing in the power of that which is with it. But 
from him who has no deficiency, no seal is removed, nor is anything emptied, but what he lacks, 
the perfect Father fills again. He is good. He knows his plantings, because it is he who planted 
them in his paradise. Now his paradise is his place of rest. 

This is the perfection in the thought of the Father, and these are the words of his meditation. Each 
one of his words is the work of his one will in the revelation of his Word. While they were still 
depths of his thought, the Word, which was first to come forth, revealed them, along with a mind 
that speaks the one Word in silent grace. He was called 'thought', since they were in it before 
being revealed. It came about, then, that he was first to come forth, at the time when the will of 
him who willed desired it. And the will is what the Father rests in, and is pleased with. Nothing 



E74 



happens without him, nor does anything happen without the will of the Father, but his will is 
unsearchable. His trace is the will, and no one will know him, nor is it possible for one to 
scrutinize him, in order to grasp him. But when he wills, what he wills is this - even if the sight 
does not please them in any way before God - desiring the Father. For he knows the beginning of 
all of them, and their end. For at their end, he will question them directly. Now, the end is 
receiving knowledge about the one who is hidden, and this is the Father, from whom the 
beginning came forth, (and) to whom all will return who have come forth from him. And they 
have appeared for the glory and the joy of his name. 

Now the name of the Father is the Son. It is he who first gave a name to the one who came forth 
from him, who was himself, and he begot him as a son. He gave him his name, which belonged to 
him; he is the one to whom belongs all that exists around him, the Father. His is the name; his is 
the Son. It is possible for him to be seen. The name, however, is invisible, because it alone is the 
mystery of the invisible, which comes to ears that are completely filled with it by him. For indeed, 
the Father's name is not spoken, but (rather,) it is apparent through a Son. 

In this way, then, the name is a great thing. Who, therefore, will be able to utter a name for him, 
the great name, except him alone to whom the name belongs, and the sons of the name, in whom 
rested the name of the Father, (who) in turn themselves rested in his name? Since the Father is 
unengendered, he alone is the one who begot him for him(self) as a name, before he brought forth 
the aeons, in order that the name of the Father should be over their head as lord, that is the name 
in truth, which is firm in his command, through perfect power. For the name is not from (mere) 
words, nor does his name consist of appellations, but (rather,) it is invisible. He gave a name to 
him alone, since he alone sees him, he alone having the power to give him a name. For he who 
does not exist has no name. For what name is given to him who does not exist? But the one who 
exists, exists also with his name, and he alone knows it, and (he) alone (knows how) to give him a 
name. It is the Father. The Son is his name. He did not, therefore, hide it in the thing, but it existed; 
as for the Son, he alone gave a name. The name, therefore, is that of the Father, as the name of the 
Father is the Son. Where indeed would compassion find a name, except with the Father? 

But no doubt one will say to his neighbor: "Who is it who will give a name to him who existed 
before himself, as if offspring did not receive a name from those who begot <them>?" First, then, it 
is fitting for us to reflect on this matter: What is the name? It is the name in truth; it is not therefore 
the name from the Father, for it is the one which is the proper name. Therefore, he did not receive 
the name on loan, as (do) others, according to the form in which each one is to be produced. But 
this is the proper name. There is no one else who gave it to him. But he <is> unnamable, 
indescribable, until the time when he who is perfect spoke of him alone. And it is he who has the 
power to speak his name, and to see it. 

When, therefore, it pleased him that his name, which is loved, should be his Son, and he gave the 
name to him, that is, him who came forth from the depth, he spoke about his secret things, 
knowing that the Father is a being without evil. For that very reason, he brought him forth in 
order to speak about the place, and (about) his resting-place, from which he had come forth, and 
to glorify the pleroma, the greatness of his name, and the sweetness of the Father. About the place 
each one came from, he will speak, and to the region where he received his establishment, he will 
hasten to return again and to take from that place - the place where he stood - receiving a taste 
from that place, and receiving nourishment, receiving growth. And his own resting-place is his 
pleroma. 

Therefore, all the emanations of the Father are pleromas, and the root of all his emanations is in 
the one who made them all grow up in himself. He assigned them their destinies. Each one, then, 
is manifest, in order that through their own thought <...>. For the place to which they send their 
thought, that place, their root, is what takes them up in all the heights, to the Father. They possess 
his head, which is rest for them, and they are supported, approaching him, as though to say that 
they have participated in his face by means of kisses. But they do not become manifest in this way, 
for they are not themselves exalted; (yet) neither did they lack the glory of the Father, nor did they 
think of him as small, nor that he is harsh, nor that he is wrathful, but (rather that) he is a being 



B75 



without evil, imperturbable, sweet, knowing all spaces before they have come into existence, and 
he had no need to be instructed. 

This is the manner of those who possess (something) from above of the immensurable greatness, 
as they wait for the one alone, and the perfect one, the one who is there for them. And they do not 
go down to Hades, nor have they envy nor groaning nor death within them, but (rather) they rest 
in him who is at rest, not striving nor being twisted around the truth. But they themselves are the 
truth; and the Father is within them, and they are in the Father, being perfect, being undivided in 
the truly good one, being in no way deficient in anything, but they are set at rest, refreshed in the 
Spirit. And they will heed their root. They will be concerned with those (things) in which he will 
find his root, and not suffer loss to his soul. This is the place of the blessed; this is their place. 

For the rest, then, may they know, in their places, that it is not fitting for me, having come to be in 
the resting-place, to speak of anything else. But it is in it that I shall come to be, and (it is fitting) to 
be concerned at all times with the Father of the all, and the true brothers, those upon whom the 
love of the Father is poured out, and in whose midst there is no lack of him. They are the ones 
who appear in truth, since they exist in true and eternal life, and (since they) speak of the light 
which is perfect, and (which is) filled with the seed of the Father, and which is in his heart and in 
the pleroma, while his Spirit rejoices in it and glorifies the one in whom it existed, because he is 
good. And his children are perfect and worthy of his name, for he is the Father; it is children of 
this kind that he loves. 



E7G 



Fragments 

CODEX XII 
translation not provided here 



E77 



Trimorphic Protennoia 



CODEX XIII 

Translated by John D. Turner 

Selection made from James M. Robinson, ed., The Nag Hammadi Library, revised edition. HarperCollins, San Francisco, 1990. 

I am Protennoia, the Thought that dwells in the Light. I am the movement that dwells in the All, 
she in whom the All takes its stand, the first-born among those who came to be, she who exists 
before the All. She (Protennoia) is called by three names, although she dwells alone, since she is 
perfect. I am invisible within the Thought of the Invisible One. I am revealed in the immeasurable, 
ineffable (things). I am incomprehensible, dwelling in the incomprehensible. I move in every 
creature. 

I am the life of my Epinoia that dwells within every Power and every eternal movement, and (in) 
invisible Lights and within the Archons and Angels and Demons, and every soul dwelling in 
Tartaros, and (in) every material soul. I dwell in those who came to be. I move in everyone and I 
delve into them all. I walk uprightly, and those who sleep, I awaken. And I am the sight of those 
who dwell in sleep. 

I am the Invisible One within the All. It is I who counsel those who are hidden, since I know the 
All that exists in it. I am numberless beyond everyone. I am immeasurable, ineffable, yet 
whenever I wish, I shall reveal myself of my own accord. I am the head of the All. I exist before 
the All, and I am the All, since I exist in everyone. 

I am a Voice speaking softly. I exist from the first. I dwell within the Silence that surrounds every 
one of them. And it is the hidden Voice that dwells within my, within the incomprehensible, 
immeasurable Thought, within the immeasurable Silence. 

I descended to the midst of the underworld, and I shone down upon the darkness. It is I who 
poured forth the water. It is I who am hidden within radiant waters. I am the one who gradually 
put forth the All by my Thought. It is I who am laden with the Voice. It is through me that Gnosis 
comes forth. I dwell in the ineffable and unknowable ones. I am perception and knowledge, 
uttering a Voice by means of thought. I am the real Voice. I cry out in everyone, and they 
recognize it (the voice), since a seed indwells them. I am the Thought of the Father, and through 
me proceeded the Voice, that is, the knowledge of the everlasting things. I exist as Thought for the 
All — being joined to the unknowable and incomprehensible Thought — I revealed myself — yes, I 
— among all those who recognize me. For it is I who am joined with everyone by virtue of the 
hidden Thought and an exalted <Voice>, even a Voice from the invisible Thought. And it is 
immeasurable, since it dwells in the Immeasurable One. It is a mystery; it is unrestrainable by the 
Incomprehensible One. It is invisible to all those who are visible in the All. It is a Light dwelling in 
Light. 

It is we also who alone have separated from the visible world, since we are saved by the hidden 
wisdom, by means of the ineffable, immeasurable Voice. And he who is hidden within us pays the 
tributes of his fruit to the Water of Life. 

Then the Son who is perfect in every respect — that is, the Word who originated through that 
Voice; who proceeded from the height; who has within him the Name; who is a Light — he 
revealed the everlasting things, and all the unknowns were known. And those things difficult to 
interpet and secret, he revealed. And as for those who dwell in Silence with the First Thought, he 
preached to them. And he revealed himself to those who dwell in darkness, and he showed 
himself to those who dwell in the abyss, and to those who dwell in the hidden treasuries, he told 
ineffable mysteries, and he taught unrepeatable doctrines to all those who became Sons of the 
Light. 

Now the Voice that originated from my Thought exists as three permanences: the Father, the 
Mother, the Son. Existing perceptibly as Speech, it (Voice) has within it a Word endowed with 



E78 



every <glory>, and it has three masculinities, three powers, and three names. They exist in the 
manner of Three ... — which are quadr angels — secretly within a silence of the Ineffable One. 

It is he alone who came to be, that is, the Christ. And, as for me, I anointed him as the glory of the 
Invisible Spirit, with goodness. Now the Three, I established alone in eternal glory over the Aeons 
in the Living Water, that is, the glory that surrounds him who first came forth to the Light of those 
exalted Aeons, and it is in glorious Light that he firmly perseveres. And he stood in his own Light 
that surrounds him, that is, the Eye of the Light that gloriously shines on me. He perpetuated the 
Father of all Aeons, who am I, the Thought of the Father, Protennoia, that is, Barbelo, the perfect 
Glory, and the immeasurable Invisible One who is hidden. I am the Image of the Invisible Spirit, 
and it is through me that the All took shape, and (I am) the Mother (as well as) the Light which 
she appointed as Virgin, she who is called 'Meirothea', the incomprehensible Womb, the 
unrestrainable and immeasurable Voice. 

Then the Perfect Son revealed himself to his Aeons, who originated through him, and he revealed 
them and glorified them, and gave them thrones, and stood in the glory with which he glorified 
himself. They blessed the Perfect Son, the Christ, the only-begotten God. And they gave glory, 
saying, "He is! He is! The Son of God! The Son of God! It is he who is! The Aeon of Aeons, 
beholding the Aeons which he begot. For thou hast begotten by thine own desire! Therefore we 
glorify thee: ma mo o o o eia ei on ei! The Aeon of Aeons! The Aeon which he gave!" 
Then, moreover, the God who was begotten gave them (the Aeons) a power of life on which they 
might rely, and he established them. The first Aeon he established over the first: Armedon, 
Nousanios, Armozel; the second he established over the second Aeon: Phaionios, Ainios, Oroiael; 
the third over the third Aeon: Mellephaneus, Loios, Daveithai; the fourth over the fourth: 
Mousanios, Amethes, Eleleth. Now those Aeons were begotten by the God who was begotten - the 
Christ - and these Aeons received as well as gave glory. They were the first to appear, exalted in 
their thought, and each Aeon gave myriads of glories within great untraceable lights, and they all 
together blessed the perfect Son, the God who was begotten. 

Then there came forth a word from the great Light Eleleth, and said, "I am king! Who belongs to 
Chaos and who belongs to the underworld?" And at that instant, his Light appeared, radiant, 
endowed with the Epinoia. The Powers of the Powers did not entreat him, and likewise 
immediately there appeared the great Demon who rules over the lowest part of the underworld 
and Chaos. He has neither form nor perfection, but, on the contrary, possesses the form of the 
glory of those begotten in the darkness. Now he is called 'Saklas', that is, 'Samael', 'Yaltabaoth, he 
who had taken power; who had snatched it away from the innocent one (Sophia); who had earlier 
overpowered her who is the Light's Epinoia who had descended, her from whom he had come 
forth from originally. 

Now when the Epinoia of the Light realized that he (Yaltabaoth) had begged him (the Light) for 
another order, even though he was lower than she, she said, "Give me another order, so that you 
may become for me a dwelling place, lest I dwell in disorder forever." And the order of the entire 
house of glory was agreed upon her word. A blessing was brought for her and the higher order 
released it to her. 

And the great Demon began to produce aeons in the likeness of the real Aeons, except that he 
produced them out of his own power. 

Then I too revealed my Voice secretly, saying, "Cease! Desist, (you) who tread on matter; for 
behold, I am coming down to the world of mortals for the sake of my portion that was in that 
place from the time when the innocent Sophia was conquered, she who descended, so that I might 
thwart their aim which the one revealed by her appoints." And all were disturbed, each one who 
dwells in the house of the ignorant light, and the abyss trembled. And the Archigenetor of 
ignorance reigned over Chaos and the underworld, and produced a man in my likeness. But he 
neither knew that that one would become for him a sentence of dissolution, nor does he recognize 
the power in him. 

But now I have come down and reached down to Chaos. And I was with my own who were in 
that place. I am hidden within them, empowering them, giving them shape. And from the first 



E79 



day until the day when I will grant mighty glory to those who are mine, I will reveal myself to 
those who have heard my mysteries, that is, the Sons of the Light. 

I am their Father, and I shall tell you a mystery, ineffable and indivulgeable by any mouth: Every 
bond I loosed from you, and the chains of the demons of the underworld I broke, these things 
which are bound on my members, restraining them. And the high walls of darkness I overthrew, 
and the secure gates of those pitiless ones I broke, and I smashed their bars. And the evil force, 
and the one who beats you, and the one who hinders you, and the tyrant, and the adversary, and 
the one who is King, and the present enemy, indeed all these I explained to those who are mine, 
who are the Sons of the Light, in order that they might nullify them all, and be saved from all 
those bonds, and enter into the place where they were at first. 

I am the first one who descended on account of my portion which remains, that is, the Spirit that 
dwells in the soul, which originated from the Water of Life, and out of the immersion of the 
mysteries. And I spoke, I, together with the Archons and Authorities. For I had gone down below 
their language, and I spoke my mysteries to my own - a hidden mystery - and the bonds and 
eternal oblivion were nullified. And I bore fruit in them, that is, the Thought of the unchanging 
Aeon, and my house, and their Father. And I went down to those who were mine from the first, 
and I reached them and broke the first strands that enslaved them. Then everyone of those within 
me shone, and I prepared a pattern for those ineffable Lights that are within me. Amen. 

The Discourse of Protennoia: One 

I am the Voice that appeared through my Thought, for I am 'He who is syzygetic' since I am called 
'the Thought of the Invisible One'. Since I am called 'the unchanging Speech', I am called 'She who 
is syzygetic 1 . 

I am a single one, since I am undefiled. I am the Mother of the Voice, speaking in many ways, 
completing the All. It is in me that knowledge dwells, the knowledge of <things> everlasting. It is 
I who speak within every creature, and I was known by the All. It is I who lift up the Speech of the 
Voice to the ears of those who have known me, that is, the Sons of the Light. 

Now I have come the second time in the likeness of a female, and have spoken with them. And I 
shall tell them of the coming end of the Aeon and teach them of the beginning of the Aeon to 
come, the one without change, the one in which our appearance will be changed. We shall be 
purified within those Aeons from which I revealed myself in the Thought of the likeness of my 
masculinity. I settled among those who are worthy in the Thought of my changeless Aeon. 

For I shall tell you a mystery of this particular Aeon, and tell you about the forces that are in it. 
The birth beckons; hour begets hour, day begets day. The months made known the month.Time 
has gone round succeeding time. This particular Aeon was completed in this fashion, and it was 
estimated, and it (was) short, for it was a finger that released a finger, and a joint that was 
separated from a joint. Then, when the great Authorities knew that the time of fulfillment had 
appeared - just as in the pangs of the parturient it (the time) has drawn near, so also had the 
destruction approached - all together the elements trembled, and the foundations of the 
underworld and the ceilings of Chaos shook, and a great fire shone within their midst, and the 
rocks and the earth were shaken like a reed shaken by the wind. And the lots of Fate and those 
who apportion the domiciles were greatly disturbed over a great thunder. And the thrones of the 
Powers were disturbed, since they were overturned, and their King was afraid. And those who 
pursue Fate paid their allotment of visits to the path, and they said to the Powers, "What is this 
disturbance and this shaking that has come upon us through a Voice <belonging> to the exalted 
Speech? And our entire habitation has been shaken, and the entire circuit of the path of ascent has 
met with destruction, and the path upon which we go, which takes us up to the Archgenitor of our 
birth, has ceased to be established for us." 

Then the Powers answered, saying, "We too are at loss about it, since we did not know what was 
responsible for it. But arise, let us go up to the Archgenitor and ask him." And the powers all 
gathered and went up to the Archgenitor. They said to him, "Where is your boasting in which you 
boast? Did we not hear you say, "I am God, and I am your Father, and it is I who begot you. and 



- B8D 



there is none beside me"? Now behold, there has appeared a Voice belonging to that invisible 
Speech of the Aeon which we know not. And we ourselves did not recognize to whom we belong, 
for that Voice which we listened to is foreign to us, and we did not recognize it; we did not know 
whence it was. It came and put fear in our midst and weakening in the members of our arms. So 
now let us weep and mourn most bitterly! As for the future, let us make our entire flight before we 
are imprisoned perforce, and taken down to the bosom of the underworld. For already the 
slackening of our bondage has approached, and the times are cut short, and the days have 
shortened, and our time has been fulfilled, and the weeping of our destruction has approached us, 
so that we may be taken to the place we recognize. For as for our tree from which we grew, a fruit 
of ignorance is what it has; and also its leaves, it is death that dwells in them, and darkness dwells 
under the shadow of its boughs. And it was in deceit and lust that we harvested it, this (tree) 
through which ignorant Chaos became for us a dwelling place. For behold, even he, the 
Archgenitor of our birth, about whom we boast, even he did not know this Speech." 

So now, O sons of the Thought, listen to me, to the Speech of the Mother of your mercy, for you 
have become worthy of the mystery hidden from the Aeons, so that you might receive it. And the 
consummation of this particular Aeon and of the evil life has approached, and there dawns the 
beginning of the Aeon to come, which has no change forever. 

I am androgynous. I am Mother (and) I am Father, since I copulate with myself. I copulated with 
myself and with those who love me, and it is through me alone that the All stands firm. I am the 
Womb that gives shape to the All by giving birth to the Light that shines in splendor. I am the 
Aeon to come. I am the fulfillment of the All, that is, Meirothea, the glory of the Mother. I cast 
voiced Speech into the ears of those who know me. 

And I am inviting you into the exalted, perfect Light. Moreover, (as for) this (Light), when you 
enter it, you will be glorified by those who give glory, and those who enthrone will enthrone you. 
You will accept robes from those who give robes, and the baptizers will baptize you, and you will 
become gloriously glorious, the way you first were when you were <Light>. 

And I hid myself in everyone and revealed myself within them, and every mind seeking me 
longed for me, for it is I who gave shape to the All when it had no form. And I transformed their 
forms into (other) forms, until the time when a form will be given to the All. It is through me that 
the Voice originated, and it is I who put the breath within my own. And I cast into them the 
eternally Holy Spirit, and I ascended and entered my Light. I went up upon my branch and sat 
there among the Sons of the holy Light. And I withdrew to their dwelling place which [...] become 
glorious [...]. Amen. 

On Fate: Two 

I am the Word who dwells in the ineffable Voice. I dwell in undefiled Light and a Thought 
revealed itself perceptibly through the great Speech of the Mother, although it is a male offspring 
that supports me as my foundation. And it (the Speech) exists from the beginning in the 
foundations of the All. 

But there is a Light that dwells hidden in Silence, and it was first to come forth. Whereas she (the 
Mother) alone exists as Silence, I alone am the Word, ineffable, unpolluted, immeasurable, 
inconceivable. It (the Word) is a hidden Light, bearing a fruit of life, pouring forth a living water 
from the invisible, unpolluted, immeasurable spring, that is, the unreproducible Voice of the glory 
of the Mother, the glory of the offspring of God; a male virgin by virtue of a hidden Intellect, that 
is, the Silence hidden from the All, being unreproducible, an immeasurable Light, the source of the 
All, the root of the entire Aeon. It is the foundation that supports every movement of the Aeons 
that belong to the mighty glory. It is the foundation of every foundation. It is the breath of the 
powers. It is the eye of the three permanences, which exist as Voice by virtue of Thought. And it is 
a Word by virtue of Speech; it was sent to illumine those who dwell in the darkness. 

Now behold! I will reveal to you my mysteries, since you are my fellow brethren, and you shall 
know them all. 

(5 lines missing) 

- B81 - 



I told all of them about my mysteries that exist in the incomprehensible, inexpressible Aeons. I 
taught them the mysteries through the Voice that exists within a perfect Intellect, and I became a 
foundation for the All, and I empowered them. 

The Second time I came in the Speech of my Voice. I gave shape to those who took shape, until 
their consummation. 

The Third time I revealed myself to them in their tents as Word, and I revealed myself in the 
likeness of their shape. And I wore everyone's garment, and I hid myself within them, and they 
did not know the one who empowers me. For I dwell within all the Sovereignties and Powers, and 
within the angels, and in every movement that exists in all matter. And I hid myself within them 
until I revealed myself to my brethren. And none of them (the Powers) knew me, although it is I 
who work in them. Rather, they thought that the All was created by them, since they are ignorant, 
not knowing their root, the place in which they grew. 

I am the Light that illumines the All. I am the Light that rejoices in my brethren, for I came down 
to the world of mortals on account of the Spirit that remains in that which descended (and) came 
forth from the innocent Sophia. I came, and I delivered [...], and I went to ... 

(5 lines missing) 

... which he had formerly, and I gave to him from the Water of Life, which strips him of the chaos 
that is in the uttermost darkness that exists inside the entire abyss, that is, the thought of the 
corporeal and the psychic. All these I put on. And I stripped him of it, and I put upon him a 
shining Light, that is, the knowledge of the Thought of the Fatherhood. 

And I delivered him to those who give robes - Yammon, Elasso, Amenai - and they covered him 
with a robe from the robes of the Light; and I delivered him to the baptizers, and they baptized 
him - Micheus, Michar, Mnesinous - and they immersed him in the spring of the Water of Life. 
And I delivered him to those who enthrone - Bariel, Nouthan, Sabenai - and they enthroned him 
from the Throne of Glory. And I delivered him to those who glorify - Ariom, Elien, Phariel - and 
they glorified him with the glory of the Fatherhood. And those who snatch away snatched away - 
Kamaliel, [...]anen, Samblo, and the servants of <the> great holy luminaries - and they took him 
into the light-place of his Fatherhood. And he received the Five seals from the Light of the Mother, 
Protennoia, and it was granted him to partake of the mystery of knowledge, and he became a 
Light in Light. 

So now ... 

(5 lines missing) 

...I was dwelling in them in the form of each one. The Archons thought that I was their Christ. 
Indeed, I dwell in everyone. Indeed, within those in whom I revealed myself as Light, I eluded the 
Archons. I am their beloved, for in that place I clothed myself as the son of the Archgenitor, and I 
was like him until the end of his decree, which is the ignorance of Chaos. And among the angels I 
revealed myself in their likeness, and among the Powers, as if I were one of them; but among the 
Sons of Man, as if I were a Son of Man, even though I am Father of everyone. 

I hid myself within them all until I revealed myself among my members, which are mine, and I 
taught them about the ineffable ordinances, and (about) the brethren. But they are inexpressible to 
every Sovereignty and every ruling Power, except the Sons of the Light alone, that is, the 
ordinances of the Father. These are the glories that are higher than every glory, that is, the Five 
Seals, complete by virtue of Intellect. He who possesses the Five Seals of these particular names 
has stripped off <the> garments of ignorance and put on a shining Light. And nothing will appear 
to him that belongs to the Powers of the Archons. Within those of this sort, darkness will dissolve 
and ignorance will die. And the thought of the creature, which is scattered, will present a single 
appearance and dark Chaos will dissolve and ... 

(6 lines fragmentary) 

... until I reveal myself to all my fellow brethren, and until I gather together all my fellow brethren 
within my eternal kingdom. And I proclaimed to them the ineffable Five Seals in order that I 
might abide in them and they also might abide in me. 



E8E 



As for me, I put on Jesus. I bore him from the cursed wood, and established him in the dwelling 
places of his Father. And those who watch over their dwelling places did not recognize me. For I, I 
am unrestrainable, together with my seed; and my seed, which is mine, I shall place into the holy 
Light within an incomprehensible Silence. Amen. 

The Discourse of the Appearance: Three 



Trimorphic Protennoia, in Three Parts 
A Sacred Scripture written by the Father with perfect Knowledge 



E83 



On the Origin of the World 
"The Untitled Text" 



CODEX XIII 

Translated by Hans-Gebhard Bethge and Bentley Layton 

Selection made from James M. Robinson, ed., The Nag Hammadi Library, revised edition. HarperCollins, San Francisco, 1990. 

Seeing that everybody, gods of the world and mankind, says that nothing existed prior to chaos, I, 
in distinction to them, shall demonstrate that they are all mistaken, because they are not 
acquainted with the origin of chaos, nor with its root. Here is the demonstration. 

How well it suits all men, on the subject of chaos, to say that it is a kind of darkness! But in fact it 
comes from a shadow, which has been called by the name 'darkness'. And the shadow comes from 
a product that has existed since the beginning. It is, moreover, clear that it existed before chaos 
came into being, and that the latter is posterior to the first product. Let us therefore concern 
ourselves with the facts of the matter; and furthermore, with the first product, from which chaos 
was projected. And in this way the truth will be clearly demonstrated. 

After the natural structure of the immortal beings had completely developed out of the infinite, a 
likeness then emanated from Pistis (Faith); it is called Sophia (Wisdom). It exercised volition and 
became a product resembling the primeval light. And immediately her will manifested itself as a 
likeness of heaven, having an unimaginable magnitude; it was between the immortal beings and 
those things that came into being after them, like [...]: she (Sophia) functioned as a veil dividing 
mankind from the things above. 

Now the eternal realm (aeon) of truth has no shadow outside it, for the limitless light is 
everywhere within it. But its exterior is shadow, which has been called by the name 'darkness'. 
From it, there appeared a force, presiding over the darkness. And the forces that came into being 
subsequent to them called the shadow 'the limitless chaos'. From it, every kind of divinity 
sprouted up [...] together with the entire place, so that also, shadow is posterior to the first 
product. It was <in> the abyss that it (shadow) appeared, deriving from the aforementioned Pistis. 

Then shadow perceived there was something mightier than it, and felt envy; and when it had 
become pregnant of its own accord, suddenly it engendered jealousy. Since that day, the principle 
of jealousy amongst all the eternal realms and their worlds has been apparent. Now as for that 
jealousy, it was found to be an abortion without any spirit in it. Like a shadow, it came into 
existence in a vast watery substance. Then the bile that had come into being out of the shadow 
was thrown into a part of chaos. Since that day, a watery substance has been apparent. And what 
sank within it flowed away, being visible in chaos: as with a woman giving birth to a child - all her 
superfluities flow out; just so, matter came into being out of shadow, and was projected apart. 
And it did not depart from chaos; rather, matter was in chaos, being in a part of it. 

And when these things had come to pass, then Pistis came and appeared over the matter of chaos, 
which had been expelled like an aborted fetus - since there was no spirit in it. For all of it (chaos) 
was limitless darkness and bottomless water. Now when Pistis saw what had resulted from her 
defect, she became disturbed. And the disturbance appeared, as a fearful product; it rushed to her 
in the chaos. She turned to it and blew into its face in the abyss, which is below all the heavens. 

And when Pistis Sophia desired to cause the thing that had no spirit to be formed into a likeness 
and to rule over matter and over all her forces, there appeared for the first time a ruler, out of the 
waters, lion-like in appearance, androgynous, having great authority within him, and ignorant of 
whence he had come into being. Now when Pistis Sophia saw him moving about in the depth of 
the waters, she said to him, "Child, pass through to here," whose equivalent is 'yalda baoth'. 

Since that day, there appeared the principle of verbal expression, which reached the gods and the 
angels and mankind. And what came into being as a result of verbal expression, the gods and the 



Z84 



angels and mankind finished. Now as for the ruler Yaltabaoth, he is ignorant of the force of Pistis: 
he did not see her face, rather he saw in the water the likeness that spoke with him. And because 
of that voice, he called himself 'Yaldabaoth. But 'Ariael' is what the perfect call him, for he was 
like a lion. Now when he had come to have authority over matter, Pistis Sophia withdrew up to 
her light. 

When the ruler saw his magnitude - and it was only himself that he saw: he saw nothing else, 
except for water and darkness - then he supposed that it was he alone who existed. His [...] was 
completed by verbal expression: it appeared as a spirit moving to and fro upon the waters. And 
when that spirit appeared, the ruler set apart the watery substance. And what was dry was 
divided into another place. And from matter, he made for himself an abode, and he called it 
'heaven'. And from matter, the ruler made a footstool, and he called it 'earth'. 

Next, the ruler had a thought - consistent with his nature - and by means of verbal expression he 
created an androgyne. He opened his mouth and cooed to him. When his eyes had been opened, 
he looked at his father, and he said to him, "Eee!" Then his father called him Eee-a-o ('Yao'). Next 
he created the second son. He cooed to him. And he opened his eyes and said to his father, "Eh!" 
His father called him 'Eloai'. Next, he created the third son. He cooed to him. And he opened his 
eyes and said to his father, "Asss!" His father called him Astaphaios'. These are the three sons of 
their father. 

Seven appeared in chaos, androgynous. They have their masculine names and their feminine 
names. 

The feminine name is Pronoia (Forethought) Sambathas, which is 'week'. 

And his son is called Yao: his feminine name is Lordship. 

Sabaoth: his feminine name is Deity. 

Adonaios: his feminine name is Kingship. 

Elaios: his feminine name is Jealousy. 

Oraios: his feminine name is Wealth. 

And Astaphaios: his feminine name is Sophia (Wisdom). 

These are the seven forces of the seven heavens of chaos. And they were born androgynous, 
consistent with the immortal pattern that existed before them, according to the wish of Pistis: so 
that the likeness of what had existed since the beginning might reign to the end. You will find the 
effect of these names and the force of the male entities in the Archangelic (Book) of the Prophet Moses, 
and the names of the female entities in the first Book ofNoraia. 

Now the prime parent Yaldabaoth, since he possessed great authorities, created heavens for each 
of his offspring through verbal expression - created them beautiful, as dwelling places - and in 
each heaven he created great glories, seven times excellent. Thrones and mansions and temples, 
and also chariots and virgin spirits up to an invisible one and their glories, each one has these in 
his heaven; mighty armies of gods and lords and angels and archangels - countless myriads - so 
that they might serve. The account of these matters you will find in a precise manner in the first 
Account ofOraia. 

And they were completed from this heaven to as far up as the sixth heaven, namely that of Sophia. 
The heaven and his earth were destroyed by the troublemaker that was below them all. And the 
six heavens shook violently; for the forces of chaos knew who it was that had destroyed the 
heaven that was below them. And when Pistis knew about the breakage resulting from the 
disturbance, she sent forth her breath and bound him and cast him down into Tartaros. Since that 
day, the heaven, along with its earth, has consolidated itself through Sophia the daughter of 
Yaldabaoth, she who is below them all. 

Now when the heavens had consolidated themselves along with their forces and all their 
administration, the prime parent became insolent. And he was honored by all the army of angels. 
And all the gods and their angels gave blessing and honor to him. And for his part, he was 
delighted and continually boasted, saying to them, "I have no need of anyone." He said, "It is I 



285 



who am God, and there is no other one that exists apart from me." And when he said this, he 
sinned against all the immortal beings who give answer. And they laid it to his charge. 

Then when Pistis saw the impiety of the chief ruler, she was filled with anger. She was invisible. 
She said, "You are mistaken, Samael," (that is, "blind god"). "There is an immortal man of light 
who has been in existence before you, and who will appear among your modelled forms; he will 
trample you to scorn, just as potter's clay is pounded. And you will descend to your mother, the 
abyss, along with those that belong to you. For at the consummation of your (pi.) works, the entire 
defect that has become visible out of the truth will be abolished, and it will cease to be, and will be 
like what has never been." Saying this, Pistis revealed her likeness of her greatness in the waters. 
And so doing, she withdrew up to her light. 

Now when Sabaoth, the son of Yaldabaoth, heard the voice of Pistis, he sang praises to her, and he 
condemned the father [...] at the word of Pistis; and he praised her because she had instructed 
them about the immortal man and his light. Then Pistis Sophia stretched out her finger and 
poured upon him some light from her light, to be a condemnation of his father. Then when 
Sabaoth was illumined, he received great authority against all the forces of chaos. Since that day 
he has been called "Lord of the Forces". 

He hated his father, the darkness, and his mother, the abyss, and loathed his sister, the thought of 
the prime parent, which moved to and fro upon the waters. And because of his light, all the 
authorities of chaos were jealous of him. And when they had become disturbed, they made a great 
war in the seven heavens. Then when Pistis Sophia had seen the war, she dispatched seven 
archangels to Sabaoth from her light. They snatched him up to the seventh heaven. They stood 
before him as attendants. Furthermore, she sent him three more archangels, and established the 
kingdom for him over everyone, so that he might dwell above the twelve gods of chaos. 

Now when Sabaoth had taken up the place of repose in return for his repentance, Pistis also gave 
him her daughter Zoe (Life), together with great authority, so that she might instruct him about all 
things that exist in the eighth heaven. And as he had authority, he made himself first of all a 
mansion. It is huge, magnificent, seven times as great as all those that exist in the seven heavens. 

And before his mansion he created a throne, which was huge and was upon a four-faced chariot 
called "Cherubin". Now the Cherubin has eight shapes per each of the four corners, lion forms and 
calf forms and human forms and eagle forms, so that all the forms amount to sixty-four forms - 
and seven archangels that stand before it; he is the eighth, and has authority. All the forms 
amount to seventy-two. Furthermore, from this chariot the seventy-two gods took shape; they 
took shape so that they might rule over the seventy-two languages of the peoples. And by that 
throne he created other, serpent-like angels, called "Seraphin", which praise him at all times. 

Thereafter he created a congregation of angels, thousands and myriads, numberless, which 
resembled the congregation in the eighth heaven; and a firstborn called 

Israel - which is, "the man that sees God"; and another being, called Jesus Christ, who resembles 
the savior above in the eighth heaven, and who sits at his right upon a revered throne. And at his 
left, there sits the virgin of the holy spirit, upon a throne and glorifying him. And the seven 
virgins stand before her, [...] possessing thirty harps, and psalteries and trumpets, glorifying him. 
And all the armies of the angels glorify him, and they bless him. Now where he sits is upon a 
throne of light <within a> great cloud that covers him. And there was no one with him in the 
cloud except Sophia <the daughter of> Pistis, instructing him about all the things that exist in the 
eighth heaven, so that the likenesses of those things might be created, in order that his reign might 
endure until the consummation of the heavens of chaos and their forces. 

Now Pistis Sophia set him apart from the darkness and summoned him to her right, and the prime 
parent she put at her left. Since that day, right has been called justice, and left called wickedness. 
Now because of this, they all received a realm in the congregation of justice and wickedness, [...] 
stand [...] upon a creature [...] all. 

Thus, when the prime parent of chaos saw his son Sabaoth and the glory that he was in, and 
perceived that he was greatest of all the authorities of chaos, he envied him. And having become 
wrathful, he engendered Death out of his death: and he (viz., Death) was established over the 



EBB 



sixth heaven, <for> Sabaoth had been snatched up from there. And thus the number of the six 
authorities of chaos was achieved. Then Death, being androgynous, mingled with his (own) 
nature and begot seven androgynous offspring. These are the names of the male ones: Jealousy, 
Wrath, Tears, Sighing, Suffering, Lamentation, Bitter Weeping. And these are the names of the 
female ones: Wrath, Pain, Lust, Sighing, Curse, Bitterness, Quarrelsomeness. They had intercourse 
with one another, and each one begot seven, so that they amount to forty-nine androgynous 
demons. Their names and their effects you will find in the Book of Solomon. 

And in the presence of these, Zoe, who was with Sabaoth, created seven good androgynous forces. 
These are the names of the male ones: the Unenvious, the Blessed, the Joyful, the True, the 
Unbegrudging, the Beloved, the Trustworthy. Also, as regards the female ones, these are their 
names: Peace, Gladness, Rejoicing, Blessedness, Truth, Love, Faith (Pistis). And from these are 
many good and innocent spirits. Their influences and their effects you will find in the 
Configurations of the Fate of Heaven That Is Beneath the Twelve. 

And having seen the likeness of Pistis in the waters, the prime parent grieved very much, 
especially when he heard her voice, like the first voice that had called to him out of the waters. 
And when he knew that it was she who had given a name to him, he sighed. He was ashamed on 
account of his transgression. And when he had come to know in truth that an immortal man of 
light had been existing before him, he was greatly disturbed; for he had previously said to all the 
gods and their angels, "It is I who am god. No other one exists apart from me." For he had been 
afraid they might know that another had been in existence before him, and might condemn him. 
But he, being devoid of understanding, scoffed at the condemnation and acted recklessly. He said, 
"If anything has existed before me, let it appear, so that we may see its light." 

And immediately, behold! Light came out of the eighth heaven above and passed through all of 
the heavens of the earth. When the prime parent saw that the light was beautiful as it radiated, he 
was amazed. And he was greatly ashamed. As that light appeared, a human likeness appeared 
within it, very wonderful. And no one saw it except for the prime parent and Pronoia, who was 
with him. Yet its light appeared to all the forces of the heavens. Because of this they were all 
troubled by it. 

Then when Pronoia saw that emissary, she became enamored of him. But he hated her because she 
was on the darkness. But she desired to embrace him, and she was not able to. When she was 
unable to assuage her love, she poured out her light upon the earth. Since that day, that emissary 
has been called "Adam of Light," whose rendering is "the luminous man of blood," and the earth 
spread over him, holy Adaman, whose rendering is "the Holy Land of Adamantine." Since that 
day, all the authorities have honored the blood of the virgin. And the earth was purified on 
account of the blood of the virgin. But most of all, the water was purified through the likeness of 
Pistis Sophia, who had appeared to the prime parent in the waters. Justly, then, it has been said: 
"through the waters." The holy water, since it vivifies the all, purifies it. 

Out of that first blood Eros appeared, being androgynous. His masculinity is Himireris, being fire 
from the light. His femininity that is with him - a soul of blood - is from the stuff of Pronoia. He is 
very lovely in his beauty, having a charm beyond all the creatures of chaos. Then all the gods and 
their angels, when they beheld Eros, became enamored of him. And appearing in all of them, he 
set them afire: just as from a single lamp many lamps are lit, and one and the same light is there, 
but the lamp is not diminished. And in this way, Eros became dispersed in all the created beings 
of chaos, and was not diminished. Just as from the midpoint of light and darkness Eros appeared 
and at the midpoint of the angels and mankind the sexual union of Eros was consummated, so out 
of the earth the primal pleasure blossomed. The woman followed earth. And marriage followed 
woman. Birth followed marriage. Dissolution followed birth. 

After that Eros, the grapevine sprouted up out of that blood, which had been shed over the earth. 
Because of this, those who drink of it conceive the desire of sexual union. After the grapevine, a fig 
tree and a pomegranate tree sprouted up from the earth, together with the rest of the trees, all 
species, having with them their seed from the seed of the authorities and their angels. 



£87 



Then Justice created Paradise, being beautiful and being outside the orbit of the moon and the 
orbit of the sun in the Land of Wantonness, in the East in the midst of the stones. And desire is in 
the midst of the beautiful, appetizing trees. And the tree of eternal life is as it appeared by God's 
will, to the north of Paradise, so that it might make eternal the souls of the pure, who shall come 
forth from the modelled forms of poverty at the consummation of the age. Now the color of the 
tree of life is like the sun. And its branches are beautiful. Its leaves are like those of the cypress. Its 
fruit is like a bunch of grapes when it is white. Its height goes as far as heaven. And next to it (is) 
the tree of knowledge (gnosis), having the strength of God. Its glory is like the moon when fully 
radiant. And its branches are beautiful. Its leaves are like fig leaves. Its fruit is like a good 
appetizing date. And this tree is to the north of Paradise, so that it might arouse the souls from the 
torpor of the demons, in order that they might approach the tree of life and eat of its fruit, and so 
condemn the authorities and their angels. The effect of this tree is described in the Sacred Book, to 
wit: "It is you who are the tree of knowledge, which is in Paradise, from which the first man ate 
and which opened his mind; and he loved his female counterpart and condemned the other, alien 
likenesses and loathed them." 

Now after it, the olive tree sprouted up, which was to purify the kings and the high priests of 
righteousness, who were to appear in the last days, since the olive tree appeared out of the light of 
the first Adam for the sake of the unguent that they were to receive. 

And the first soul (psyche) loved Eros, who was with her, and poured her blood upon him and 
upon the earth. And out of that blood the rose first sprouted up, out of the earth, out of the thorn 
bush, to be a source of joy for the light that was to appear in the bush. Moreover, after this the 
beautiful, good-smelling flowers sprouted up from the earth, different kinds, from every single 
virgin of the daughters of Pronoia. And they, when they had become enamored of Eros, poured 
out their blood upon him and upon the earth. After these, every plant sprouted up from the earth, 
different kinds, containing the seed of the authorities and their angels. After these, the authorities 
created out of the waters all species of beast, and the reptiles and birds - different kinds - 
containing the seed of the authorities and their angels. 

But before all these, when he had appeared on the first the first day, he remained upon the earth, 
something like two days, and left the lower Pronoia in heaven, and ascended towards his light. 
And immediately darkness covered all the universe. Now when she wished, the Sophia who was 
in the lower heaven received authority from Pistis, and fashioned great luminous bodies and all 
the stars. And she put them in the sky to shine upon the earth and to render temporal signs and 
seasons and years and months and days and nights and moments and so forth. And in this way 
the entire region upon the sky was adorned. 

Now when Adam of Light conceived the wish to enter his light - i.e., the eighth heaven - he was 
unable to do so because of the poverty that had mingled with his light. Then he created for himself 
a vast eternal realm. And within that eternal realm he created six eternal realms and their 
adornments, six in number, that were seven times better than the heavens of chaos and their 
adornments. Now all these eternal realms and their adornments exist within the infinity that is 
between the eighth heaven and the chaos below it, being counted with the universe that belongs 
to poverty. If you want to know the arrangement of these, you will find it written in the Seventh 
Universe of the Prophet Hier alias. 

And before Adam of Light had withdrawn in the chaos, the authorities saw him and laughed at 
the prime parent because he had lied when he said, "It is I who am God. No one exists before me." 
When they came to him, they said, "Is this not the god who ruined our work?" He answered and 
said, "Yes. If you do not want him to be able to ruin our work, come let us create a man out of 
earth, according to the image of our body and according to the likeness of this being, to serve us; 
so that when he sees his likeness, he might become enamored of it. No longer will he ruin our 
work; rather,we shall make those who are born out of the light our servants for all the duration of 
this eternal realm." Now all of this came to pass according to the forethought of Pistis, in order 
that man should appear after his likeness, and should condemn them because of their modelled 
form. And their modelled form became an enclosure of the light. 



BBS 



Then the authorities received the knowledge (gnosis) necessary to create man. Sophia Zoe - she 
who is with Sabaoth - had anticipated them. And she laughed at their decision. For they are blind: 
against their own interests they ignorantly created him. And they do not realize what they are 
about to do. The reason she anticipated them and made her own man first, was in order that he 
might instruct their modelled form how to despise them, and thus to escape from them. 

Now the production of the instructor came about as follows. When Sophia let fall a droplet of 
light, it flowed onto the water, and immediately a human being appeared, being androgynous. 
That droplet she molded first as a female body. Afterwards, using the body she molded it in the 
likeness of the mother, which had appeared. And he finished it in twelve months. An 
androgynous human being was produced, whom the Greeks call Hermaphrodites; and whose 
mother the Hebrews call Eve of Life (Zoe), namely, the female instructor of life. Her offspring is 
the creature that is lord. Afterwards, the authorities called it "Beast", so that it might lead astray 
their modelled creatures. The interpretation of "the beast" is "the instructor". For it was found to be 
the wisest of all beings. 

Now, Eve is the first virgin, the one who without a husband bore her first offspring. It is she who 
served as her own midwife. For this reason she is held to have said: 

It is I who am the part of my mother; and it is I who am the mother. 

It is I who am the wife; it is I who am the virgin. 

It is I who am pregnant; it is I who am the midwife. 

It is I who am the one that comforts pains of travail. 

It is my husband who bore me; and it is I who am his mother. 

And it is he who is my father and my lord. 

It is he who is my force; What he desires, he says with reason. 

I am in the process of becoming; yet I have borne a man as lord. 

Now these through the will <...> The souls that were going to enter the modelled forms of the 
authorities were manifested to Sabaoth and his Christ. And regarding these, the holy voice said, 
"Multiply and improve! Be lord over all creatures." And it is they who were taken captive, 
according to their destinies, by the prime parent. And thus they were shut into the prisons of the 
modelled forms until the consummation of the age. 

And at that time, the prime parent then rendered an opinion concerning man to those who were 
with him. Then each of them cast his sperm into the midst of the navel of the earth. Since that day, 
the seven rulers have fashioned man with his body resembling their body, but his likeness 
resembling the man that had appeared to them. His modelling took place by parts, one at a time. 
And their leader fashioned the brain and the nervous system. Afterwards, he appeared as prior to 
him. He became a soul-endowed man. And he was called Adam, that is, "father", according to the 
name of the one that existed before him. 

And when they had finished Adam, he abandoned him as an inanimate vessel, since he had taken 
form like an abortion, in that no spirit was in him. Regarding this thing, when the chief ruler 
remembered the saying of Pistis, he was afraid lest the true man enter his modelled form and 
become its lord. For this reason he left his modelled form forty days without soul, and he 
withdrew and abandoned it. Now on the fortieth day, Sophia Zoe sent her breath into Adam, who 
had no soul. He began to move upon the ground. And he could not stand up. 

Then, when the seven rulers came, they saw him and were greatly disturbed. They went up to him 
and seized him. And he (viz., the chief ruler) said to the breath within him, "Who are you? And 
whence did you come hither?" It answered and said, "I have come from the force of the man for 
the destruction of your work." When they heard, they glorified him, since he gave them respite 
from the fear and the anxiety in which they found themselves. Then they called that day "Rest", in 
as much as they had rested from toil. And when they saw that Adam could stand up, they were 
glad, and they took him and put him in Paradise. And they withdrew up to their heavens. 



BBS 



After the day of rest, Sophia sent her daughter Zoe, being called Eve, as an instructor, in order that 
she might make Adam, who had no soul, arise, so that those whom he should engender might 
become containers of light. When Eve saw her male counterpart prostrate, she had pity upon him, 
and she said, "Adam! Become alive! Arise upon the earth!" Immediately her word became 
accomplished fact. For Adam, having arisen, suddenly opened his eyes. When he saw her, he said, 
"You shall be called 'Mother of the Living 1 . For it is you who have given me life." 

Then the authorities were informed that their modelled form was alive and had arisen, and they 
were greatly troubled. They sent seven archangels to see what had happened. They came to 
Adam. When they saw Eve talking to him, they said to one another, "What sort of thing is this 
luminous woman? For she resembles that likeness which appeared to us in the light. Now come, 
let us lay hold of her and cast her seed into her, so that when she becomes soiled she may not be 
able to ascend into her light. Rather, those whom she bears will be under our charge. But let us not 
tell Adam, for he is not one of us. Rather let us bring a deep sleep over him. And let us instruct 
him in his sleep to the effect that she came from his rib, in order that his wife may obey, and he 
may be lord over her." 

Then Eve, being a force, laughed at their decision. She put mist into their eyes and secretly left her 
likeness with Adam. She entered the tree of knowledge and remained there. And they pursued 
her, and she revealed to them that she had gone into the tree and become a tree. Then, entering a 
great state of fear, the blind creatures fled. 

Afterwards, when they had recovered from the daze, they came to Adam; and seeing the likeness 
of this woman with him, they were greatly disturbed, thinking it was she that was the true Eve. 
And they acted rashly; they came up to her and seized her and cast their seed upon her. They did 
so wickedly, defiling not only in natural ways but also in foul ways, defiling first the seal of her 
voice - that had spoken with them, saying, "What is it that exists before you?" - intending to defile 
those who might say at the consummation (of the age) that they had been born of the true man 
through verbal expression. And they erred, not knowing that it was their own body that they had 
defiled: it was the likeness that the authorities and their angels defiled in every way. 

First she was pregnant with Abel, by the first ruler. And it was by the seven authorities and their 
angels that she bore the other offspring. And all this came to pass according to the forethought of 
the prime parent, so that the first mother might bear within her every seed, being mixed and being 
fitted to the fate of the universe and its configurations, and to Justice. A prearranged plan came 
into effect regarding Eve, so that the modelled forms of the authorities might become enclosures of 
the light, whereupon it would condemn them through their modelled forms. 

Now the first Adam, (Adam) of Light, is spirit-endowed and appeared on the first day. The 
second Adam is soul-endowed and appeared on the sixth day, which is called Aphrodite. The 
third Adam is a creature of the earth, that is, the man of the law, and he appeared on the eighth 
day [...] the tranquility of poverty, which is called "The Day of the Sun" (Sunday). And the 
progeny of the earthly Adam became numerous and was completed, and produced within itself 
every kind of scientific information of the soul-endowed Adam. But all were in ignorance. 

Next, let me say that once the rulers had seen him and the female creature who was with him 
erring ignorantly like beasts, they were very glad. When they learned that the immortal man was 
not going to neglect them, rather that they would even have to fear the female creature that had 
turned into a tree, they were disturbed, and said, "Perhaps this is the true man - this being who 
has brought a fog upon us and has taught us that she who was soiled is like him - and so we shall 
be conquered!" 

Then the seven of them together laid plans. They came up to Adam and Eve timidly: they said to 
him, "The fruit of all the trees created for you in Paradise shall be eaten; but as for the tree of 
knowledge, control yourselves and do not eat from it. If you eat, you will die." Having imparted 
great fear to them, they withdrew up to their authorities. 

Then came the wisest of all creatures, who was called Beast. And when he saw the likeness of their 
mother Eve he said to her, "What did God say to you? Was it 'Do not eat from the tree of 
knowledge'?" She said, "He said not only, 'Do not eat from it', but, 'Do not touch it, lest you die.'" 



- E9D 



He said to her, "Do not be afraid. In death you shall not die. For he knows that when you eat from 
it, your intellect will become sober and you will come to be like gods, recognizing the difference 
that obtains between evil men and good ones. Indeed, it was in jealousy that he said this to you, so 
that you would not eat from it." 

Now Eve had confidence in the words of the instructor. She gazed at the tree and saw that it was 
beautiful and appetizing, and liked it; she took some of its fruit and ate it; and she gave some also 
to her husband, and he too ate it. Then their intellect became open. For when they had eaten, the 
light of knowledge had shone upon them. When they clothed themselves with shame, they knew 
that they were naked of knowledge. When they became sober, they saw that they were naked and 
became enamored of one another. When they saw that the ones who had modelled them had the 
form of beasts, they loathed them: they were very aware. 

Then when the rulers knew that they had broken their commandments, they entered Paradise and 
came to Adam and Eve with earthquake and great threatening, to see the effect of the aid. Then 
Adam and Eve trembled greatly and hid under the trees in Paradise. Then the rulers did not know 
where they were and said, "Adam, where are you?" He said, "I am here, for through fear of you I 
hid, being ashamed." And they said to him ignorantly, "Who told you about the shame with which 
you clothed yourself? - unless you have eaten from that tree!" He said, "The woman whom you 
gave me - it is she that gave to me and I ate." Then they said to the latter, "What is this that you 
have done?" She answered and said, "It is the instructor who urged me on, and I ate." 

Then the rulers came up to the instructor. Their eyes became misty because of him, and they could 
not do anything to him. They cursed him, since they were powerless. Afterwards, they came up to 
the woman and cursed her and her offspring. After the woman, they cursed Adam, and the land 
because of him, and the crops; and all things they had created, they cursed. They have no blessing. 
Good cannot result from evil. 

From that day, the authorities knew that truly there was something mightier than they: they 
recognized only that their commandments had not been kept. Great jealousy was brought into the 
world solely because of the immortal man. Now when the rulers saw that their Adam had entered 
into an alien state of knowledge, they desired to test him, and they gathered together all the 
domestic animals and the wild beasts of the earth and the birds of heaven and brought them to 
Adam to see what he would call them. When he saw them, he gave names to their creatures. 

They became troubled because Adam had recovered from all the trials. They assembled and laid 
plans, and they said, "Behold Adam! He has come to be like one of us, so that he knows the 
difference between the light and the darkness. Now perhaps he will be deceived, as in the case of 
the Tree of Knowledge, and also will come to the Tree of Life and eat from it, and become 
immortal, and become lord, and despise us and disdain us and all our glory! Then he will 
denounce us along with our universe. Come, let us expel him from Paradise, down to the land 
from which he was taken, so that henceforth he might not be able to recognize anything better 
than we can." And so they expelled Adam from Paradise, along with his wife. And this deed that 
they had done was not enough for them. Rather, they were afraid. They went in to the Tree of Life 
and surrounded it with great fearful things, fiery living creatures called "Cheroubin", and they put 
a flaming sword in their midst, fearfully twirling at all times, so that no earthly being might ever 
enter that place. 

Thereupon, since the rulers were envious of Adam they wanted to diminish their (viz., Adam's 
and Eve's) lifespans. They could not (, however,) because of fate, which had been fixed since the 
beginning. For to each had been allotted a lifespan of 1,000 years, according to the course of the 
luminous bodies. But although the rulers could not do this, each of the evildoers took away ten 
years. And all this lifespan (which remained) amounted to 930 years: and these are in pain and 
weakness and evil distraction. And so life has turned out to be, from that day until the 
consummation of the age. 

Thus when Sophia Zoe saw that the rulers of the darkness had laid a curse upon her counterparts, 
she was indignant. And coming out of the first heaven with full power, she chased those rulers 



291 



out of their heavens, and cast them down into the sinful world, so that there they should dwell, in 
the form of evil spirits (demons) upon the earth. 

[...], so that in their world it might pass the thousand years in Paradise - a soul-endowed living 
creature called "phoenix". It kills itself and brings itself to life as a witness to the judgment against 
them, for they did wrong to Adam and his generation, unto the consummation of the age. There 
are [...] three men, and also his posterities, unto the consummation of the world: the spirit- 
endowed of eternity, and the soul-endowed, and the earthly. Likewise, the three phoenixes <in> 
Paradise - the first is immortal; the second lives 1,000 years; as for the third, it is written in the 
Sacred Book that it is consumed. So, too, there are three baptisms - the first is the spiritual, the 
second is by fire, the third is by water. Just as the phoenix appears as a witness concerning the 
angels, so the case of the water hydri in Egypt, which has been a witness to those going down into 
the baptism of a true man. The two bulls in Egypt possess a mystery, the sun and the moon, being 
a witness to Sabaoth: namely, that over them Sophia received the universe; from the day that she 
made the sun and the moon, she put a seal upon her heaven, unto eternity. 

And the worm that has been born out of the phoenix is a human being as well. It is written (Ps 
91:13 LXX) concerning it, "the just man will blossom like a phoenix". And the phoenix first appears 
in a living state, and dies, and rises again, being a sign of what has become apparent at the 
consummation of the age. It was only in Egypt that these great signs appeared - nowhere else - as 
an indication that it is like God's Paradise. 

Let us return to the aforementioned rulers, so that we may offer some explanation of them. Now, 
when the seven rulers were cast down from their heavens onto the earth, they made for 
themselves angels, numerous, demonic, to serve them. And the latter instructed mankind in many 
kinds of error and magic and potions and worship of idols and spilling of blood and altars and 
temples and sacrifices and libations to all the spirits of the earth, having their coworker fate, who 
came into existence by the concord between the gods of injustice and justice. 

And thus when the world had come into being, it distractedly erred at all times. For all men upon 
earth worshiped the spirits (demons) from the creation to the consummation - both the angels of 
righteousness and the men of unrighteousness. Thus did the world come to exist in distraction, in 
ignorance, and in a stupor. They all erred, until the appearance of the true man. 

Let this suffice so far as the matter goes. Now we shall proceed to consideration of our world, so 
that we may accurately finish the description of its structure and management. Then it will 
become obvious how belief in the unseen realm, which has been apparent from creation down to 
the consummation of the age, was discovered. 

I come, therefore, to the main points regarding the immortal man: I shall speak of all the beings 
that belong to him, explaining how they happen to be here. 

When a multitude of human beings had come into existence, through the parentage of the Adam 
who had been fashioned, and out of matter, and when the world had already become full, the 
rulers were master over it - that is, they kept it restrained by ignorance. For what reason? For the 
following: since the immortal father knows that a deficiency of truth came into being amongst the 
eternal realms and their universe, when he wished to bring to naught the rulers of perdition 
through the creatures they had modelled, he sent your likenesses down into the world of 
perdition, namely, the blessed little innocent spirits. They are not alien to knowledge. For all 
knowledge is vested in one angel who appeared before them; he is not without power in the 
company of the father. And <he> gave them knowledge. Whenever they appear in the world of 
perdition, immediately and first of all they reveal the pattern of imperishability as a condemnation 
of the rulers and their forces. Thus when the blessed beings appeared in forms modelled by 
authorities, they were envied. And out of envy the authorities mixed their seed with them, in 
hopes of polluting them. They could not. Then when the blessed beings appeared in luminous 
form, they appeared in various ways. And each one of them, starting out in his land, revealed his 
(kind of) knowledge to the visible church constituted of the modelled forms of perdition. It (viz., 
the church) was found to contain all kinds of seed, because of the seed of the authorities that had 
mixed with it. 



E9E 



Then the Savior created [...] of them all - and the spirits of these are manifestly superior, being 
blessed and varying in election - and also (he created) many other beings, which have no king and 
are superior to everyone that was before them. Consequently, four races exist. There are three that 
belong to the kings of the eighth heaven. But the fourth race is kingless and perfect, being the 
highest of all. For these shall enter the holy place of their father. And they will gain rest in repose 
and eternal, unspeakable glory and unending joy. Moreover, they are kings within the mortal 
domain, in that they are immortal. They will condemn the gods of chaos and their forces. 

Now the Word that is superior to all beings was sent for this purpose alone: that he might 
proclaim the unknown. He said, "There is nothing hidden that is not apparent, and what has not 
been recognized will be recognized." And these were sent to make known what is hidden, and the 
seven authorities of chaos and their impiety. And thus they were condemned to death. 

So when all the perfect appeared in the forms modelled by the rulers, and when they revealed the 
incomparable truth, they put to shame all the wisdom of the gods. And their fate was found to be 
a condemnation. And their force dried up. Their lordship was dissolved. Their forethought 
became emptiness, along with their glory. 

Before the consummation of the age, the whole place will shake with great thundering. Then the 
rulers will be sad, [...] their death. The angels will mourn for their mankind, and the demons will 
weep over their seasons, and their mankind will wail and scream at their death. Then the age will 
begin, and they will be disturbed. Their kings will be intoxicated with the fiery sword, and they 
will wage war against one another, so that the earth is intoxicated with bloodshed. And the seas 
will be disturbed by those wars. Then the sun will become dark, and the moon will cause its light 
to cease. The stars of the sky will cancel their circuits. And a great clap of thunder will come out of 
a great force that is above all the forces of chaos, where the firmament of the woman is situated. 
Having created the first product, she will put away the wise fire of intelligence and clothe herself 
with witless wrath. Then she will pursue the gods of chaos, whom she created along with the 
prime parent. She will cast them down into the abyss. They will be obliterated because of their 
wickedness. For they will come to be like volcanoes and consume one another until they perish at 
the hand of the prime parent. When he has destroyed them, he will turn against himself and 
destroy himself until he ceases to exist. 

And their heavens will fall one upon the next and their forces will be consumed by fire. Their 
eternal realms, too, will be overturned. And his heaven will fall and break in two. His [...] will fall 
down upon the [...] support them; they will fall into the abyss, and the abyss will be overturned. 

The light will [...] the darkness and obliterate it: it will be like something that has never been. And 
the product to which the darkness had been posterior will dissolve. And the deficiency will be 
plucked out by the root (and thrown) down into the darkness. And the light will withdraw up to 
its root. And the glory of the unbegotten will appear. And it will fill all the eternal realm. 

When the prophecy and the account of those that are king becomes known and is fulfilled by 
those who are called perfect, those who - in contrast - have not become perfect in the unbegotten 
father will receive their glory in their realms and in the kingdoms of the immortals: but they will 
never enter the kingless realm. For everyone must go to the place from which he has come. 
Indeed, by his acts and his knowledge, each person will make his (own) nature known. 



E93 



The Gospel According to 
Mary Magdalene 

Papyrus Berolinensis 8502 
Translation : ??? 

Chapter 4 

(Pages 1 to 6 of the manuscript, containing chapters 1-3, are lost. The extant text starts on page 7...) 
. . . Will matter then be destroyed or not? 

22) The Savior said, All nature, all formations, all creatures exist in and with one another, and they 
will be resolved again into their own roots. 

23) For the nature of matter is resolved into the roots of its own nature alone. 

24) He who has ears to hear, let him hear. 

25) Peter said to him, Since you have explained everything to us, tell us this also: What is the sin of 
the world? 

26) The Savior said There is no sin, but it is you who make sin when you do the things that are like 
the nature of adultery, which is called sin. 

27) That is why the Good came into your midst, to the essence of every nature in order to restore it 
to its root. 

28) Then He continued and said, That is why you become sick and die, for you are deprived of the 
one who can heal you. 

29) He who has a mind to understand, let him understand. 

30) Matter gave birth to a passion that has no equal, which proceeded from something contrary to 
nature. Then there arises a disturbance in its whole body. 

31) That is why I said to you, Be of good courage, and if you are discouraged be encouraged in the 
presence of the different forms of nature. 

32) He who has ears to hear, let him hear. 

33) When the Blessed One had said this, He greeted them all,saying, Peace be with you. Receive 
my peace unto yourselves. 

34) Beware that no one lead you astray saying Lo here or lo there! For the Son of Man is within 
you. 

35) Follow after Him! 

36) Those who seek Him will find Him. 

37) Go then and preach the gospel of the Kingdom. 

38) Do not lay down any rules beyond what I appointed you, and do not give a law like the 
lawgiver lest you be constrained by it. 

39) When He said this He departed. 

Chapter 5 

1) But they were grieved. They wept greatly, saying, How shall we go to the Gentiles and preach 
the gospel of the Kingdom of the Son of Man? If they did not spare Him, how will they spare us? 

2) Then Mary stood up, greeted them all, and said to her brethren, Do not weep and do not grieve 
nor be irresolute, for His grace will be entirely with you and will protect you. 

3) But rather, let us praise His greatness, for He has prepared us and made us into Men. 



B94 



4) When Mary said this, she turned their hearts to the Good, and they began to discuss the words 
of the Savior. 

5) Peter said to Mary, Sister we know that the Savior loved you more than the rest of woman. 

6) Tell us the words of the Savior which you remember which you know, but we do not, nor have 
we heard them. 

7) Mary answered and said, What is hidden from you I will proclaim to you. 

8) And she began to speak to them these words: I, she said, I saw the Lord in a vision and I said to 
Him, Lord I saw you today in a vision. He answered and said to me, 

9) Blessed are you that you did not waver at the sight of Me. For where the mind is there is the 
treasure. 

10) I said to Him, Lord, how does he who sees the vision see it, through the soul or through the 
spirit? 

11) The Savior answered and said, He does not see through the soul nor through the spirit, but the 
mind that is between the two that is what sees the vision and it is [...] 

(pages 11-14 are missing from the manuscript) 

Chapter 8 

... it. 

10) And desire said, I did not see you descending, but now I see you ascending. Why do you lie 
since you belong to me? 

11) The soul answered and said, I saw you. You did not see me nor recognize me. I served you as a 
garment and you did not know me. 

12) When it said this, it (the soul) went away rejoicing greatly. 

13) Again it came to the third power, which is called ignorance. 

14) The power questioned the soul, saying, Where are you going? In wickedness are you bound. 
But you are bound; do not judge! 

15) And the soul said, Why do you judge me, although I have not judged? 

16) I was bound, though I have not bound. 

17) I was not recognized. But I have recognized that the All is being dissolved, both the earthly 
things and the heavenly. 

18) When the soul had overcome the third power, it went upwards and saw the fourth power, 
which took seven forms. 

19) The first form is darkness, the second desire, the third ignorance, the fourth is the excitement 
of death, the fifth is the kingdom of the flesh, the sixth is the foolish wisdom of flesh, the seventh 
is the wrathful wisdom. These are the seven powers of wrath. 

20) They asked the soul, Whence do you come slayer of men, or where are you going, conqueror of 
space? 

21) The soul answered and said, What binds me has been slain, and what turns me about has been 
overcome, 

22) and my desire has been ended, and ignorance has died. 

23) In a aeon I was released from a world, and in a Type from a type, and from the fetter of 
oblivion which is transient. 

24) From this time on will I attain to the rest of the time, of the season, of the aeon, in silence. 

Chapter 9 

1) When Mary had said this, she fell silent, since it was to this point that the Savior had spoken 
with her. 



295 



2) But Andrew answered and said to the brethren, Say what you wish to say about what she has 
said. I at least do not believe that the Savior said this. For certainly these teachings are strange 
ideas. 

3) Peter answered and spoke concerning these same things. 

4) He questioned them about the Savior: Did He really speak privately with a woman and not 
openly to us? Are we to turn about and all listen to her? Did He prefer her to us? 

5) Then Mary wept and said to Peter, My brother Peter, what do you think? Do you think that I 
have thought this up myself in my heart, or that I am lying about the Savior? 

6) Levi answered and said to Peter, Peter you have always been hot tempered. 

7) Now I see you contending against the woman like the adversaries. 

8) But if the Savior made her worthy, who are you indeed to reject her? Surely the Savior knows 
her very well. 

9) That is why He loved her more than us. Rather let us be ashamed and put on the perfect Man, 
and separate as He commanded us and preach the gospel, not laying down any other rule or other 
law beyond what the Savior said. 

10) And when they heard this they began to go forth to proclaim and to preach. 

The Gospel According to Mary 



About the Papyrus Berolinensis 8502 

Papyrus Berolinensis 8502 was acquired by a German scholar, Dr. Carl Reinhardt, in Cairo in 
1896 (the codex is variably referenced in scholarly writings as the "Berlin Gnostic Codex", the 
"Akhmim Codex", PB 8502, and BG 8502). It contains Coptic editions of three very important 
Gnostic texts: the Apocryphon of John, the Sophia of Jesus Christ, and the Gospel of Mary. Despite 
the importance of the find, several misfortunes (including two world wars) delayed its publication 
until 1955. By then the Nag Hammadi collection had also been recovered, and two of the texts in 
the PB 8502 codex — the Apocryphon of John, and the Sophia of Jesus Christ — were also found 
included there. The PB 8502 versions of these two texts were used to augment translations of the 
Apocryphon of John and the Sophia of Jesus Christ as they now appear in the Nag Hammadi Library . 

Importantly, the codex preserves the most complete surviving copy of the Gospel of Mary (as the 
text is named in the manuscript, though it is clear this named Mary is the person we call Mary of 
Magdala). Two other small fragments of the Gospel of Mary from separate Greek editions were 
later also unearthed in archaelogical excavations at Oxyrhynchus in Northern Egypt. (Fragments 
of the Gospel of Thomas were also found at this ancient library site, see the Gospel of Thomas 
page for more information about Oxyrhyncus.) Unfortunately, the extant manuscript of the Gospel 
of Mary is missing pages 1 to 6 and pages 11 to 14 — pages that included sections of the text up to 
chapter 4, and portions of chapter 5 to 8. 

The complete extant text of the Gospel of Mary is presented below. For those interested in a print 
edition of the text, we highly recommend Karen King's new translation and commentary (listed to 
the side). An introductory lecture on the The Gospel of Mary Magdalen is also available in our 
The Gnosis Archive Web Lectures collection. 



296 
