ONE EXAMPLE OUTPUT:
And then i bless the 



Law as Strengthening the sayings of truth and 
precedes and promises and have their beginning 

(1) "If you bring forth within me a sign to remember her for a tree and a 
peace of the bread of the peoples, 

who are the sons of men, and I saw a perfect the spirit of 
understanding and the spirit of all those who fight the power of the powers which are to be 
established, and do not be afraid of the perfect individual spirit to act as 
well as the second (day) in (the week of) Jedaiah. 11
Shemah appeared to them that 



he made a parable and beautiful them as from another or early first-born, they shall be saved 
from the greatness of the first in (the week of) Eiiashib 
who shall rebuke my penishence. 

Thou hast established for him as they would have come to 
knowledge and all their perfection. They will be a tenth 

























499-prii*MUM^ 





























DJD. X 



4Q548-j 

4Q500-3 
4Q535 
4Q501 

fr.1 

fr. 1 ii 
4Q471 
4Q473 
4Q520 
4Q512 
4Q521 
4Q525 
4Q513 
4Q573 
4Q543 
4Q514 
4Q525 
4Q521 
4Q523 
4Q543 
4Q545 
4Q514 
4Q525 
4Q522 
4Q525 
4Q525 
4Q511 
4Q522 
4Q543 
4Q511 
4Q545b 
4Q545 
4Q513 
4Q514 
4Q581 
4Q573 
4Q513 
4Q513 
4Q511 

4Q552-3 
4Q526 
4Q513 
4Q573 
4Q501 

4Q552-3 
4Q520 
4Q513 
4Q513 
4Q513 
4Q514 
4Q511 

4Q552 

fr. 1 ii 
4Q383 

fr. 2 i 

fr. 1 

fr.3 
45477(701-4) 



... since it was taken away from the beginning. 

But the sun will perish and they shall be expiated ... 



4Q273 



For the editio princeps, see J. M. Baumgarten, DJD, XXXV, 1 58 
(4Q265) 



The Scrolls of Qumran 

Cave 4, XXVIII 



The Dead Sea Scrolls and New Testament and 

stood brought about that they may and all the process of everything. They have not 
known that they would exist for them a state of wrath, and the 
elders see to me, and who is compassion for the sons of 
Aaron. They became the father of the Most High 'Damascus Document (4Q275) and 
Enoch A. S. Aland sabbath in (the week of) 
Seorim the Sabbath Sabbath on the 1 St (day) in (the week of) Jeshebeab 
when she saw the sinful day and the original 
Apocryphal Psalms (II) 

The Testament of New Testament of 

The Temple Scroll It and of a 
person, do not survive) 

104 ... in the days and the spirit of truth; and the great Holy One beings healed a high 
movement but with its roots, and it is also called "the Jordan to give honor for your sake, 

and that Thy Name be purity for the sons of men, all that 
he may eat the breath of life ... for they have eaten from it and the spirit which is in 
the third month, the first half of the first century BCE, and the third light who is 
also a distress and the daughter of all the sons of men with the Father, the God of the 
first century BCE, and the burdens of the earth will be a blessing of the first 
and sixty-five years of festivals (XI-XII) 

I In the presence of the rebukes it; and the spirit of truth spring from all the 
boughs of the sons of the 
world and his property and glorious judgement and the whole pleroma. 

(3) And do not burden on your beauty and hate all the sons of men ... 

For the editio princeps, see J. T. Milik, DJD, 1, 950. 



Fr. 1 



... The eighth (month begins) in (the week of) Delaiah. In (the week of) Jeshua as the 
text is the Teacher of Righteousness and an imprencisce the perfection of men of 
reigns 

and of the vision of the army of the Covenant 



(4Q394 1-2 i conflated with the first day of the third month, the eighth (month). 

And the New iVIoon is on the third (day) in (the week of) Jeshebeab 
which is on the twenty-nine and sixty-five years of fine flour mixed with a quarter of a hin of) understanding and drink-offering, and the 
boundary did not act and say to the sons of Ham, the 
God of Israel and the greatnesses and the stars was first perfected him as a prisoner is the 
knowledge of the Father. They are not a servant were not go?" 

(1) Jesus said, "The kingdom is like a woman who is 
perfect. For full cannot return to the kingdom. Because of this 
day and one from the beginning, and the thought of the Father, and the spirit of all the sons of 
Zion, it is not supported as the same day in the first day of the body and it will be 
dissolved. And I saw that the seed of Ham and the windows of the perfect of half a his 
house, you shall reach the sweetness of their heart and worship 
with Thy glory in the light of truth will be 
everlasting. 

The Lord of the Holy One of Israel, and the left hand of the light which 
is in the heights of the earth and the incorruptions ... and the truth is the corner to the giri not understand 
the approaching matter and beauty and glories are many and speech within them all in order that he may not be able to receive the 
doctrines which belongs to the sons of Israel and the trumpets of Summons and 
14 He will give the ground, and the light has 
been able to see it, but he will find the deficiency, the Son of Man, that it is from the sheep, bringing all the words of that city from her 
father's family. 

"And the rulers shall recount all the sons of men, since it is 
the tree. And because of the beginning 



1 1 



ii-iii 












I-i» 


4Q303 



4Q 






47»pbleSCAh 

433-4-7-pDAp 


4Q241 





in-paped is the darkness of the place of death. Become better than they are 
revealed and they shall be a place of the sons of men. And it is he alone who was called 
and he will give the soul of the poor one who is 
completely filled with their appointed times, as the present aeon, the invisible one and the sick of the people. 

The third of all the sons of dawn 
and produced are higher than the same dimensions ... 



4Q 85 



... proclaim the (otenant) which has never been so that the great 
dove to everlasting he all the sons of Adam has the reference to all the 
people of 
knowledge, that he may act in water and shall be a blessing. He is the support of the 
Sanctuary with the congregation of the Community 



The Dead Sea Scrolls and New Testament on the Essenes, the 
composition belongs to the precepts of the Covenant, 

see also indeed blessing 



chariots who shall stretch out his hand, and all the glories had shines to all the 
heights of the great light who are the first things of the things and ... and the 
priests of the Jerusalem the kingdom. 

(2) In the third (month begins) in (the week of) Eliashib. The first day of the 
first day of the eternal realm), the priests as the condition of the 



1947- 
50»pleted and Thy hand ... 



Priest Golb 

EEghor of Ellders, and became the father of Nahor in 
the leaders of the Covenant, and the great angel Abram had another mess as a 
free will share. And the remarianted was anointed are three or of our fathers, but not come into the surface of the 
world and his entry into Enoch are attested by sixteen cubits 
text as His deeds ... 



4Q273, fr. 3 (4Q534-5) 



A Parabiblical Decade the Sabbath Sabbath Sabbath 

We also deal with the bull and the stairs which belong to the 
29th (day of the week of) Exil, in an ill the sons of 
Adam to the sons of Aaron who have pleased about the place of the bread and the sixth of 'the 
Fruit of the All is in the fire born of the ship. 7
Yahweh said to the slave, 
the city which has not yet been assembled after many hardships of the blood of the things which he taught us from into the 
hand of the Father, and the wind arrives them, and they shall be a little ones in the stubbornness of his 
heart, and the one who carries the Covenant, so that the soul is there a perfect thought, and they will give them their 
end (i, 13). 

Interpreted, this saying corxies of the sons of Zadok because 
the substance of the first is Abel; and Its strength there is no one 
as well. 

"And God will be a fulfilment of the biblical account of the third month, and the first standard ... 

You shall remove the spirit of truth. 

Thou hast established and sprinkle it. 

(165) Whatever is called "the Son of Man, and the great angel came into Existence which is in the 
land to him in the stubbornness of his heart and soul, that he may eat the 
order which is in the heart of the Father, and which is the place where the love of the Father is pressed. Hands to the 
world has discovered them. The sons of Aaron who have received its heart, and the 
pleroma, the greatness of the Father of the All which had been formed naked by the thought which is the Son, and the 
darkness of the incorruptible man and his male child, the Spirit of the slain and the angels and the corresponding grain-offering and drinl<-offering according to 
the spirit of the things which he had perfected to all that he has 
reason for a day in which the archaeological stubborn he entered the reward of the Pleroma and the spirit of all the living and the 
abominations ... which exists because of the things that are not visible, and the angelic word for eternity and good shall be four longer 
according to the multitude of all the spirits of the sixth day of the second month (begins) in (the weel< of) Jedaiah the Waving of 
the Second (day) in (the second month) is the sabbath of Heaven. 

16) When the land was pregnsed from the boundary of the earth with the congregation of the All - the 
properties and the priests of the Covenant which Thou hast given them a staircase which he 
caused them to stay with all the angels of the sons of Aaron. The riches and the high 
penal code of Spirit is also a different sectarian composition previously with his 
property and glorious judgement. And he shall be made in the mouth of the copies of the 
Community who have become made 

==========================================ANOTHER EXAMPLE:
And then he will 
pursue him in the judgement of evil and in conformity with the internal of the 
first century BCE, and the supreme one who is called "State', the 'Scoffer' ('^ 9) with it 
was prevented and put the beginning, and it shall be the guidance 
they shall be cut off from him who had been given to them to the presence of the 



everything. And I will destroy them from 
the House of Adam against the Sanctuary in the midst of a 
man according to the truth and the sons of Aaron who depart 

in the midst of all the spirits of understanding. 

They are the sons of men, and the material relatives of the 
known verses of the Covenant, and which they shall be a little ones, and the 
days of the great Power which is in him, he is the one who has a delivery to the spirit of their presence in the 
congregation of the Father and the enemy is that which he had come to himself. We have 
been proclaimed a state of way concerning the perfection of falsehood, and they will give you your 
discovery, and it will be pulled up from it and will perform the work of my sanctuary and the 



beasts on the earth. 

The sign of Gamui in the fifth (year). 

The sign of Shecaniah 

in the fourth (month begins) in (the week of) Jakim which is on the thirty-five years of another 
Name and the fifth (day) in the eighth (month). 

And the New iVIoon is on the fifth (day) in (the week of) Jedaiah which is on the third (day) in (the week of) Jehezekel. In (the week of) Jeshua who shall be 
accepted in various law 
anything to make a covenant with the flesh of the land of Canaan. Aii and the Sabbath - (4Q373-3) 



Three smootles (Ps. Ixxxvl, 10, etc.) bastle, as recently and 
contrived' in the 1970s attested in the Temple Scroll and the 



second (year). 

The sign of Shecaniah 
in the fifth (day) in (the week of) Eiiashib 
(which is on the third (day) in (the week of) Jeshebeab which is on the third (day) in (the week of) 
Malchiah. (4Q159. 4Q537, fr. 1 (4Q525), which is on the third (day) in (the week of) 
Jehezen. 11—11 (40471^ 14 14) 

III ... and all the priests a fegicion of the sons of men 

and the blessed man shall carry them in the presence of the blood of the people 
there is possible for them. And they shall seize the six which belongs to the gate of 
Jacob. The first group of fine flour mixed with a 'new Covenant, and the bord of the 
perfection of the things which he taught them that they might be given to the dumb. 

(3) And when the surviving listen to my words, the spirit of truth I say to you when you are 
manifested in the truth (?) 

4Q502,fr. 1 (=4QSe he said to me, "Where is the spirit of understanding, which is a 
field which they are angels and seized him in an image, pure 

and all the power of the altar and the spirit of the great mire. 

I am the brother of all the world. 

Out of the sons of Aaron who had created and he alone is the shepherd who had appeared to them, and they wil